T. Hoang Ngan Le	Chenchen Zhu	Khoa Luu	Marios Savvides
	Multiple Scale Faster-RCNN Approach to Driver's Cell-Phone Usage and Hands on Steering Wheel Detection.	2016	multiple scale faster-rcnn approach	steering wheel detection	cell-phone usage
	Weakly Supervised Facial Analysis with Dense Hyper-Column Features.	2016	weakly supervised facial analysis	dense hyper-column features
	Robust Hand Detection and Classification in Vehicles and in the Wild.	2017	robust hand detection

Zequn Jie	Xiaojie Jin	Jiashi Feng	Shuicheng Yan
	Tree-Structured Reinforcement Learning for Sequential Object Localization.	2016	sequential object localization	tree-structured reinforcement learning
	Predicting Scene Parsing and Motion Dynamics in the Future.	2017	predicting scene parsing	motion dynamics
	Multi-Path Feedback Recurrent Neural Networks for Scene Parsing.	2017	multi-path feedback recurrent neural networks	scene parsing

Leonid Pishchulin	Peter V. Gehler	Mykhaylo Andriluka	Bernt Schiele
	Poselet Conditioned Pictorial Structures.	2013	poselet conditioned pictorial structures
	2D Human Pose Estimation: New Benchmark and State of the Art Analysis.	2014	2d human pose estimation	art analysis
	DeepCut: Joint Subset Partition and Labeling for Multi Person Pose Estimation.	2016	multi person pose estimation	joint subset partition

Kyle R. Ulrich	Kafui Dzirasa	David E. Carlson	Lawrence Carin
	Analysis of Brain States from Multi-Region LFP Time-Series.	2014	multi-region lfp time-series	brain states
	GP Kernels for Cross-Spectrum Analysis.	2015	gp kernels	cross-spectrum analysis
	Cross-Spectral Factor Analysis.	2017	cross-spectral factor analysis

Omer Tsimhoni	Claudia V. Goldman	Amos Azaria	Sarit Kraus
	Advice Provision for Energy Saving in Automobile Climate Control Systems.	2014	automobile climate control systems	advice provision	energy saving
	Adaptive Advice in Automobile Climate Control Systems.	2015	automobile climate control systems	adaptive advice
	Personalized Alert Agent for Optimal User Performance.	2016	optimal user performance	personalized alert agent

Stefan Gumhold	Frank Michel	Eric Brachmann	Alexander Krull	Carsten Rother
	Uncertainty-Driven 6D Pose Estimation of Objects and Scenes from a Single RGB Image.	2016	uncertainty-driven 6d pose estimation	single rgb image
	Global Hypothesis Generation for 6D Object Pose Estimation.	2017	6d object pose estimation	global hypothesis generation
	DSAC - Differentiable RANSAC for Camera Localization.	2017	differentiable ransac	camera localization

Elena Botoeva	Vladislav Ryzhikov	Michael Zakharyaschev	Frank Wolter
	Query Inseparability for Description Logic Knowledge Bases.	2014	description logic knowledge bases	query inseparability
	When Are Description Logic Knowledge Bases Indistinguishable?	2015	description logic knowledge bases indistinguishable
	Query-Based Entailment and Inseparability for ALC Ontologies.	2016	alc ontologies	query-based entailment

Shengxian Wan	Yanyan Lan	Jiafeng Guo	Xueqi Cheng
	Informational friend recommendation in social media.	2013	informational friend recommendation	social media
	Learning Hierarchical Representation Model for NextBasket Recommendation.	2015	learning hierarchical representation model	nextbasket recommendation
	A Deep Architecture for Semantic Matching with Multiple Positional Sentence Representations.	2016	multiple positional sentence representations	semantic matching	deep architecture
	Match-SRNN: Modeling the Recursive Matching Structure with Spatial RNN.	2016	recursive matching structure	spatial rnn
	Text Matching as Image Recognition.	2016	text matching	image recognition

Shengxian Wan	Jun Xu	Yanyan Lan	Jiafeng Guo	Xueqi Cheng
	Learning Hierarchical Representation Model for NextBasket Recommendation.	2015	learning hierarchical representation model	nextbasket recommendation
	A Deep Architecture for Semantic Matching with Multiple Positional Sentence Representations.	2016	multiple positional sentence representations	semantic matching	deep architecture
	Match-SRNN: Modeling the Recursive Matching Structure with Spatial RNN.	2016	recursive matching structure	spatial rnn
	Text Matching as Image Recognition.	2016	text matching	image recognition

Igor Yanovsky	Stanley Osher	Alex D. Leow	Paul M. Thompson
	Multiphase Segmentation of Deformation using Logarithmic Priors.	2007	multiphase segmentation	logarithmic priors
	Topology Preserving Log-Unbiased Nonlinear Image Registration: Theory and Implementation.	2007	topology preserving log-unbiased nonlinear image registration
	Asymmetric and symmetric unbiased image registration: Statistical assessment of performance.	2008	symmetric unbiased image registration	statistical assessment

Qi Wu	Anthony R. Dick	Anton van den Hengel	Chunhua Shen
	What Value Do Explicit High Level Concepts Have in Vision to Language Problems?	2016	explicit high level concepts	language problems
	Ask Me Anything: Free-Form Visual Question Answering Based on Knowledge from External Sources.	2016	free-form visual question answering based	external sources
	Explicit Knowledge-based Reasoning for Visual Question Answering.	2017	explicit knowledge-based reasoning	visual question answering

Zhiping Gu	Liang Hu	Jian Cao	Guandong Xu	Longbing Cao
	Cross-Domain Collaborative Filtering via Bilinear Multilevel Analysis.	2013	cross-domain collaborative filtering	bilinear multilevel analysis
	Deep Modeling of Group Preferences for Group-Based Recommendation.	2014	group preferences	group-based recommendation	deep modeling
	Diversifying Personalized Recommendation with User-session Context.	2017	diversifying personalized recommendation	user-session context

Claude-Guy Quimper	George Katsirelos	Christian Bessiere	Nina Narodytska	Toby Walsh
	Decompositions of All Different, Global Cardinality and Related Constraints.	2009	related constraints	global cardinality
	Propagating Conjunctions of AllDifferent Constraints.	2010	alldifferent constraints	propagating conjunctions
	Constraint Acquisition via Partial Queries.	2013	partial queries	constraint acquisition

Brian Gallagher	Tina Eliassi-Rad	Hanghang Tong	Christos Faloutsos
	Fast best-effort pattern matching in large attributed graphs.	2007	fast best-effort pattern matching	large attributed graphs
	Using ghost edges for classification in sparsely labeled networks.	2008	sparsely labeled networks	ghost edges
	It's who you know: graph mining using recursive structural features.	2011	recursive structural features	graph mining
	RolX: structural role extraction & mining in large graphs.	2012	structural role extraction & mining	large graphs

Long Xia	Jun Xu	Yanyan Lan	Jiafeng Guo	Xueqi Cheng
	Learning Maximal Marginal Relevance Model via Directly Optimizing Diversity Evaluation Measures.	2015	learning maximal marginal relevance model	directly optimizing diversity evaluation measures
	Modeling Document Novelty with Neural Tensor Network for Search Result Diversification.	2016	modeling document novelty	search result diversification	neural tensor network
	Adapting Markov Decision Process for Search Result Diversification.	2017	adapting markov decision process	search result diversification

Tim Hanratty	Quan Yuan	Chao Zhang	Jiawei Han 0001
	GMove: Group-Level Mobility Modeling Using Geo-Tagged Social Media.	2016	geo-tagged social media	group-level mobility modeling
	TrioVecEvent: Embedding-Based Online Local Event Detection in Geo-Tagged Tweet Streams.	2017	embedding-based online local event detection	geo-tagged tweet streams
	ReAct: Online Multimodal Embedding for Recency-Aware Spatiotemporal Activity Modeling.	2017	recency-aware spatiotemporal activity modeling	online multimodal embedding

Qin Lv	Li Shang	Dongsheng Li	Chao Chen
	WEMAREC: Accurate and Scalable Recommendation through Weighted and Ensemble Matrix Approximation.	2015	ensemble matrix approximation	scalable recommendation
	MPMA: Mixture Probabilistic Matrix Approximation for Collaborative Filtering.	2016	mixture probabilistic matrix approximation	collaborative filtering
	GLOMA: Embedding Global Information in Local Matrix Approximation Models for Collaborative Filtering.	2017	local matrix approximation models	embedding global information	collaborative filtering
	ERMMA: Expected Risk Minimization for Matrix Approximation-based Recommender Systems.	2017	matrix approximation-based recommender systems	expected risk minimization

Qin Lv	Li Shang	Dongsheng Li	Chao Chen	Stephen M. Chu
	MPMA: Mixture Probabilistic Matrix Approximation for Collaborative Filtering.	2016	mixture probabilistic matrix approximation	collaborative filtering
	GLOMA: Embedding Global Information in Local Matrix Approximation Models for Collaborative Filtering.	2017	local matrix approximation models	embedding global information	collaborative filtering
	ERMMA: Expected Risk Minimization for Matrix Approximation-based Recommender Systems.	2017	matrix approximation-based recommender systems	expected risk minimization

Guoxian Dai	Jin Xie	Fan Zhu	Yi Fang
	3D deep shape descriptor.	2015	3d deep shape descriptor
	Learning Barycentric Representations of 3D Shapes for Sketch-Based 3D Shape Retrieval.	2017	sketch-based 3d shape retrieval	learning barycentric representations	3d shapes
	Deep Correlated Metric Learning for Sketch-based 3D Shape Retrieval.	2017	deep correlated metric learning	sketch-based 3d shape retrieval

Wenxiu Sun	Qiong Yan	Jimmy S. J. Ren	Li Xu 0001
	Shepard Convolutional Neural Networks.	2015	shepard convolutional neural networks
	Look, Listen and Learn - A Multimodal LSTM for Speaker Identification.	2016	multimodal lstm	speaker identification
	Accurate Single Stage Detector Using Recurrent Rolling Convolution.	2017	accurate single stage detector	recurrent rolling convolution

Yun Zhu	Albert J. Sinusas	Xenophon Papademetris	James S. Duncan
	Local Shape Registration Using Boundary-Constrained Match of Skeletons.	2007	local shape registration	boundary-constrained match
	Segmentation of left ventricle from 3D cardiac MR image sequences using a subject-specific dynamical model.	2008	3d cardiac mr image sequences	subject-specific dynamical model	left ventricle
	Integrated segmentation and motion analysis of cardiac MR images using a subject-specific dynamical model.	2008	cardiac mr images	subject-specific dynamical model	integrated segmentation	motion analysis

Subhashini Venugopalan	Lisa Anne Hendricks	Marcus Rohrbach	Kate Saenko	Trevor Darrell
	Long-term recurrent convolutional networks for visual recognition and description.	2015	long-term recurrent convolutional networks	visual recognition
	Deep Compositional Captioning: Describing Novel Object Categories without Paired Training Data.	2016	deep compositional captioning	paired training data	object categories
	Captioning Images with Diverse Objects.	2017	captioning images	diverse objects

Dong Yi	Junjie Yan	Zhen Lei	Stan Z. Li
	Multi-pedestrian detection in crowded scenes: A global view.	2012	global view	multi-pedestrian detection	crowded scenes
	Multiple Target Tracking Based on Undirected Hierarchical Relation Hypergraph.	2014	multiple target tracking based	undirected hierarchical relation hypergraph
	High-fidelity Pose and Expression Normalization for face recognition in the wild.	2015	high-fidelity pose	expression normalization	face recognition

Zongyang Ma	Quan Yuan	Aixin Sun	Gao Cong
	Time-aware point-of-interest recommendation.	2013	time-aware point-of-interest recommendation
	Who, where, when and what: discover spatio-temporal topics for twitter users.	2013	discover spatio-temporal topics	twitter users
	A Tri-Role Topic Model for Domain-Specific Question Answering.	2015	tri-role topic model	domain-specific question answering

Dong Gong	Yanning Zhang	Qinfeng Shi	Anton van den Hengel
	Blind Image Deconvolution by Automatic Gradient Activation.	2016	automatic gradient activation	blind image deconvolution
	From Motion Blur to Motion Flow: A Deep Learning Solution for Removing Heterogeneous Motion Blur.	2017	removing heterogeneous motion blur	deep learning solution	motion blur	motion flow
	MPGL: An Efficient Matching Pursuit Method for Generalized LASSO.	2017	efficient matching pursuit method	generalized lasso

Zhandong Liu	Genevera I. Allen	Eunho Yang	Pradeep Ravikumar
	Graphical Models via Generalized Linear Models.	2012	generalized linear models	graphical models
	On Poisson Graphical Models.	2013	poisson graphical models
	Conditional Random Fields via Univariate Exponential Families.	2013	univariate exponential families	conditional random fields

Liang Pang	Shengxian Wan	Jun Xu	Yanyan Lan	Jiafeng Guo	Xueqi Cheng
	A Deep Architecture for Semantic Matching with Multiple Positional Sentence Representations.	2016	multiple positional sentence representations	semantic matching	deep architecture
	Match-SRNN: Modeling the Recursive Matching Structure with Spatial RNN.	2016	recursive matching structure	spatial rnn
	Text Matching as Image Recognition.	2016	text matching	image recognition

Liang Pang	Jun Xu	Yanyan Lan	Jiafeng Guo	Xueqi Cheng
	A Deep Architecture for Semantic Matching with Multiple Positional Sentence Representations.	2016	multiple positional sentence representations	semantic matching	deep architecture
	Match-SRNN: Modeling the Recursive Matching Structure with Spatial RNN.	2016	recursive matching structure	spatial rnn
	SPAN: Understanding a Question with Its Support Answers.	2016	support answers
	Text Matching as Image Recognition.	2016	text matching	image recognition

Keren Fu	Jie Yang 0002	Chen Gong	Dacheng Tao
	ReLISH: Reliable Label Inference via Smoothness Hypothesis.	2014	reliable label inference	smoothness hypothesis
	Signed Laplacian Embedding for Supervised Dimension Reduction.	2014	supervised dimension reduction	signed laplacian embedding
	Saliency propagation from simple to difficult.	2015	saliency propagation

George Katsirelos	Christian Bessiere	Nina Narodytska	Toby Walsh
	Decompositions of All Different, Global Cardinality and Related Constraints.	2009	related constraints	global cardinality
	Circuit Complexity and Decompositions of Global Constraints.	2009	global constraints	circuit complexity
	Propagating Conjunctions of AllDifferent Constraints.	2010	alldifferent constraints	propagating conjunctions
	Constraint Acquisition via Partial Queries.	2013	partial queries	constraint acquisition

Yilin Wang	Suhang Wang	Jiliang Tang	Huan Liu
	Unsupervised Sentiment Analysis for Social Media Images.	2015	unsupervised sentiment analysis	social media images
	Exploring Implicit Hierarchical Structures for Recommender Systems.	2015	exploring implicit hierarchical structures	recommender systems
	PPP: Joint Pointwise and Pairwise Image Label Prediction.	2016	pairwise image label prediction	joint pointwise
	CLARE: A Joint Approach to Label Classification and Tag Recommendation.	2017	tag recommendation	label classification	joint approach

Yilin Wang	Suhang Wang	Baoxin Li	Jiliang Tang	Huan Liu
	Unsupervised Sentiment Analysis for Social Media Images.	2015	unsupervised sentiment analysis	social media images
	PPP: Joint Pointwise and Pairwise Image Label Prediction.	2016	pairwise image label prediction	joint pointwise
	CLARE: A Joint Approach to Label Classification and Tag Recommendation.	2017	tag recommendation	label classification	joint approach

Cong Liu 0001	Hanjiang Lai	Yan Pan	Shuicheng Yan
	Rank Aggregation via Low-Rank and Structured-Sparse Decomposition.	2013	rank aggregation	structured-sparse decomposition
	A Divide-and-Conquer Method for Scalable Low-Rank Latent Matrix Pursuit.	2013	scalable low-rank latent matrix pursuit	divide-and-conquer method
	Supervised Hashing for Image Retrieval via Image Representation Learning.	2014	image representation learning	image retrieval	supervised hashing

Hong-Jiang Zhang	Jinhui Tang	Guo-Jun Qi	Yong Rui	Xian-Sheng Hua
	Concurrent Multiple Instance Learning for Image Categorization.	2007	concurrent multiple instance learning	image categorization
	Two-Dimensional Active Learning for image classification.	2008	two-dimensional active learning	image classification
	A joint appearance-spatial distance for kernel-based image categorization.	2008	kernel-based image categorization	joint appearance-spatial distance

Yizhou Sun	Jing Gao	Wei Fan	Jiawei Han 0001
	Heterogeneous source consensus learning via decision propagation and negotiation.	2009	heterogeneous source consensus learning	decision propagation
	Graph-based Consensus Maximization among Multiple Supervised and Unsupervised Models.	2009	graph-based consensus maximization	unsupervised models	multiple supervised
	On community outliers and their efficient detection in information networks.	2010	efficient detection	community outliers	information networks

Xiangfeng Wang	Shuai Xiao	Junchi Yan	Hongyuan Zha
	On Modeling and Predicting Individual Paper Citation Count over Time.	2016	predicting individual paper citation count
	Modeling Contagious Merger and Acquisition via Point Processes with a Profile Regression Prior.	2016	profile regression prior	modeling contagious merger	point processes
	On Predictive Patent Valuation: Forecasting Patent Citations and Their Types.	2017	predictive patent valuation	forecasting patent citations

Shi Feng	Kaisong Song	Daling Wang	Wei Gao
	Personalized Sentiment Classification Based on Latent Individuality of Microblog Users.	2015	personalized sentiment classification based	microblog users	latent individuality
	Build Emotion Lexicon from the Mood of Crowd via Topic-Assisted Joint Non-negative Matrix Factorization.	2016	topic-assisted joint non-negative matrix factorization	build emotion lexicon
	Recommendation vs Sentiment Analysis: A Text-Driven Latent Factor Model for Rating Prediction with Cold-Start Awareness.	2017	text-driven latent factor model	sentiment analysis	rating prediction	cold-start awareness

Taragay Oskiper	Zhiwei Zhu	Supun Samarasekera	Rakesh Kumar 0001
	Visual Odometry System Using Multiple Stereo Cameras and Inertial Measurement Unit.	2007	visual odometry system	multiple stereo cameras	inertial measurement unit
	Real-time global localization with a pre-built visual landmark database.	2008	pre-built visual landmark database	real-time global localization
	VideoTrek: A vision system for a tag-along robot.	2009	vision system
	High-precision localization using visual landmarks fused with range data.	2011	visual landmarks fused	high-precision localization	range data

Zehan Wang	Jose Caballero	Johannes Totz	Andrew P. Aitken	Wenzhe Shi
	Real-Time Single Image and Video Super-Resolution Using an Efficient Sub-Pixel Convolutional Neural Network.	2016	efficient sub-pixel convolutional neural network	real-time single image	video super-resolution
	Real-Time Video Super-Resolution with Spatio-Temporal Networks and Motion Compensation.	2017	real-time video super-resolution	motion compensation	spatio-temporal networks
	Photo-Realistic Single Image Super-Resolution Using a Generative Adversarial Network.	2017	photo-realistic single image super-resolution	generative adversarial network

Liang Zhao	Feng Chen 0001	Chang-Tien Lu	Naren Ramakrishnan
	STED: semi-supervised targeted-interest event detectionin in twitter.	2013	semi-supervised targeted-interest event detectionin
	'Beating the news' with EMBERS: forecasting civil unrest using open source indicators.	2014	forecasting civil unrest	open source indicators
	Multi-Task Learning for Spatio-Temporal Event Forecasting.	2015	spatio-temporal event forecasting	multi-task learning
	Hierarchical Incomplete Multi-source Feature Learning for Spatiotemporal Event Forecasting.	2016	hierarchical incomplete multi-source feature learning	spatiotemporal event forecasting

Bharath K. Sriperumbudur	Kenji Fukumizu	Arthur Gretton	Bernhard Schölkopf
	Characteristic Kernels on Groups and Semigroups.	2008	characteristic kernels
	Injective Hilbert Space Embeddings of Probability Measures.	2008	injective hilbert space embeddings	probability measures
	Kernel Choice and Classifiability for RKHS Embeddings of Probability Distributions.	2009	kernel choice	rkhs embeddings	probability distributions

Wenwu Zhu 0001	Shiqiang Yang	Peng Cui	Fei Wang 0001
	Comparing apples to oranges: a scalable solution with heterogeneous hashing.	2013	scalable solution	heterogeneous hashing	comparing apples
	Cascading outbreak prediction in networks: a data-driven approach.	2013	cascading outbreak prediction	data-driven approach
	FEMA: flexible evolutionary multi-faceted analysis for dynamic behavioral pattern discovery.	2014	dynamic behavioral pattern discovery	flexible evolutionary multi-faceted analysis

Xinchu Shi	Junliang Xing	Weiming Hu	Haibin Ling
	Multi-target Tracking by Rank-1 Tensor Approximation.	2013	rank-1 tensor approximation	multi-target tracking
	Multi-target Tracking with Motion Context in Tensor Power Iteration.	2014	tensor power iteration	motion context	multi-target tracking
	Tensor Power Iteration for Multi-graph Matching.	2016	tensor power iteration	multi-graph matching

Yunpeng Chen	Xiaojie Jin	Jiashi Feng	Shuicheng Yan
	Predicting Scene Parsing and Motion Dynamics in the Future.	2017	predicting scene parsing	motion dynamics
	Multi-Path Feedback Recurrent Neural Networks for Scene Parsing.	2017	multi-path feedback recurrent neural networks	scene parsing
	Training Group Orthogonal Neural Networks with Privileged Information.	2017	training group orthogonal neural networks	privileged information
	Dual Path Networks.	2017	dual path networks

Maurizio Lenzerini	Riccardo Rosati	Diego Calvanese	Giuseppe De Giacomo
	EQL-Lite: Effective First-Order Query Processing in Description Logics.	2007	effective first-order query processing	description logics
	View-Based Query Answering over Description Logic Ontologies.	2008	view-based query answering	description logic ontologies
	Path-Based Identification Constraints in Description Logics.	2008	path-based identification constraints	description logics
	Data Complexity of Query Answering in Description Logics (Extended Abstract).	2015	query answering	extended abstract	description logics	data complexity

Zhou Zhao	Yueting Zhuang	Xiaofei He	Deng Cai
	Expert Finding for Community-Based Question Answering via Ranking Metric Network Learning.	2016	ranking metric network learning	community-based question answering	expert finding
	Video Question Answering via Hierarchical Spatio-Temporal Attention Networks.	2017	hierarchical spatio-temporal attention networks	video question answering
	Community-Based Question Answering via Asymmetric Multi-Faceted Ranking Network Learning.	2017	asymmetric multi-faceted ranking network learning	community-based question answering
	Microblog Sentiment Classification via Recurrent Random Walk Network Learning.	2017	recurrent random walk network learning	microblog sentiment classification
	Link Prediction via Ranking Metric Dual-Level Attention Network Learning.	2017	ranking metric dual-level attention network learning	link prediction

Wen-bing Huang	Huaping Liu	Fuchun Sun	Deli Zhao
	Scalable Gaussian Process Regression Using Deep Neural Networks.	2015	scalable gaussian process regression	deep neural networks
	Sparse Coding and Dictionary Learning with Linear Dynamical Systems.	2016	linear dynamical systems	dictionary learning	sparse coding
	Learning Stable Linear Dynamical Systems with the Weighted Least Square Method.	2016	learning stable linear dynamical systems	square method

Kei Kobayashi	Kazuo Hara	Ikumi Suzuki	Kenji Fukumizu
	Reducing Hubness: A Cause of Vulnerability in Recommender Systems.	2015	reducing hubness	recommender systems
	Localized Centering: Reducing Hubness in Large-Sample Data.	2015	localized centering	reducing hubness	large-sample data
	Flattening the Density Gradient for Eliminating Spatial Centrality to Reduce Hubness.	2016	eliminating spatial centrality	density gradient	reduce hubness

Yinliang Yue	Weiping Wang	Hailun Lin	Yong Liu
	Generalization Analysis for Ranking Using Integral Operator.	2017	generalization analysis	integral operator
	Infinite Kernel Learning: Generalization Bounds and Algorithms.	2017	infinite kernel learning	generalization bounds
	Efficient Kernel Selection via Spectral Analysis.	2017	efficient kernel selection	spectral analysis

Sai Wu	Pai Peng	Ke Chen 0005	Lidan Shou	Gang Chen 0001
	The knowing camera: recognizing places-of-interest in smartphone photos.	2013	recognizing places-of-interest	smartphone photos	knowing camera
	The knowing camera 2: recognizing and annotating places-of-interest in smartphone photos.	2014	knowing camera 2	annotating places-of-interest	smartphone photos
	iGlasses: A Novel Recommendation System for Best-fit Glasses.	2016	best-fit glasses	recommendation system

Moritz Helmstaedter	Winfried Denk	Kevin L. Briggman	H. Sebastian Seung
	Maximin affinity learning of image segmentation.	2009	maximin affinity learning	image segmentation
	Boundary Learning by Optimization with Topological Constraints.	2010	boundary learning	topological constraints
	Learning to Agglomerate Superpixel Hierarchies.	2011	agglomerate superpixel hierarchies

Vladislav Ryzhikov	Roman Kontchakov	Michael Zakharyaschev	Frank Wolter
	Query Inseparability for Description Logic Knowledge Bases.	2014	description logic knowledge bases	query inseparability
	First-Order Rewritability of Temporal Ontology-Mediated Queries.	2015	temporal ontology-mediated queries	first-order rewritability
	When Are Description Logic Knowledge Bases Indistinguishable?	2015	description logic knowledge bases indistinguishable

Frank Michel	Eric Brachmann	Alexander Krull	Carsten Rother
	Uncertainty-Driven 6D Pose Estimation of Objects and Scenes from a Single RGB Image.	2016	uncertainty-driven 6d pose estimation	single rgb image
	Global Hypothesis Generation for 6D Object Pose Estimation.	2017	6d object pose estimation	global hypothesis generation
	DSAC - Differentiable RANSAC for Camera Localization.	2017	differentiable ransac	camera localization
	PoseAgent: Budget-Constrained 6D Object Pose Estimation via Reinforcement Learning.	2017	budget-constrained 6d object pose estimation	reinforcement learning

Bo Jiang	Jin Tang	Bin Luo	Chris H. Q. Ding
	Graph-Laplacian PCA: Closed-Form Solution and Robustness.	2013	graph-laplacian pca	closed-form solution
	A Local Sparse Model for Matching Problem.	2015	local sparse model	matching problem
	Nonnegative Orthogonal Graph Matching.	2017	nonnegative orthogonal graph matching

Jing-Cheng Shi	Chao Qian	Ke Tang	Yang Yu 0001
	Parallel Pareto Optimization for Subset Selection.	2016	parallel pareto optimization	subset selection
	On Subset Selection with General Cost Constraints.	2017	general cost constraints	subset selection
	Subset Selection under Noise.	2017	subset selection
	Optimizing Ratio of Monotone Set Functions.	2017	monotone set functions	optimizing ratio

Jing-Cheng Shi	Chao Qian	Ke Tang	Yang Yu 0001	Zhi-Hua Zhou
	Parallel Pareto Optimization for Subset Selection.	2016	parallel pareto optimization	subset selection
	Optimizing Ratio of Monotone Set Functions.	2017	monotone set functions	optimizing ratio
	Subset Selection under Noise.	2017	subset selection

Shuai Xiao	Junchi Yan	Xiaokang Yang	Hongyuan Zha
	On Modeling and Predicting Individual Paper Citation Count over Time.	2016	predicting individual paper citation count
	Modeling Contagious Merger and Acquisition via Point Processes with a Profile Regression Prior.	2016	profile regression prior	modeling contagious merger	point processes
	Wasserstein Learning of Deep Generative Point Process Models.	2017	deep generative point process models	wasserstein learning
	Modeling the Intensity Function of Point Process Via Recurrent Neural Networks.	2017	recurrent neural networks	point process	intensity function

Shuai Xiao	Stephen M. Chu	Junchi Yan	Hongyuan Zha
	On Modeling and Predicting Individual Paper Citation Count over Time.	2016	predicting individual paper citation count
	On Predictive Patent Valuation: Forecasting Patent Citations and Their Types.	2017	predictive patent valuation	forecasting patent citations
	Modeling the Intensity Function of Point Process Via Recurrent Neural Networks.	2017	recurrent neural networks	point process	intensity function

Salvatore Orlando 0001	Franco Maria Nardini	Claudio Lucchese	Raffaele Perego
	Speeding up Document Ranking with Rank-based Features.	2015	document ranking	rank-based features
	QuickScorer: A Fast Algorithm to Rank Documents with Additive Ensembles of Regression Trees.	2015	additive ensembles	regression trees	fast algorithm	rank documents
	Post-Learning Optimization of Tree Ensembles for Efficient Ranking.	2016	post-learning optimization	tree ensembles	efficient ranking
	Exploiting CPU SIMD Extensions to Speed-up Document Scoring with Tree Ensembles.	2016	exploiting cpu simd extensions	tree ensembles	document scoring
	X-DART: Blending Dropout and Pruning for Efficient Learning to Rank.	2017	blending dropout	efficient learning

Salvatore Orlando 0001	Franco Maria Nardini	Claudio Lucchese	Raffaele Perego	Nicola Tonellotto
	Speeding up Document Ranking with Rank-based Features.	2015	document ranking	rank-based features
	QuickScorer: A Fast Algorithm to Rank Documents with Additive Ensembles of Regression Trees.	2015	additive ensembles	regression trees	fast algorithm	rank documents
	Exploiting CPU SIMD Extensions to Speed-up Document Scoring with Tree Ensembles.	2016	exploiting cpu simd extensions	tree ensembles	document scoring

Zhiqiang Zhuang	Guilin Qi	Kewen Wang	Zhe Wang
	Contraction and Revision over DL-Lite TBoxes.	2014	dl-lite tboxes
	Instance-Driven Ontology Evolution in DL-Lite.	2015	instance-driven ontology evolution
	Approximating Model-Based ABox Revision in DL-Lite: Theory and Practice.	2015	approximating model-based abox revision

Simon Mackenzie	Serge Gaspers	Nicholas Mattei	Haris Aziz 0001	Toby Walsh
	Computational Aspects of Multi-Winner Approval Voting.	2014	multi-winner approval voting	computational aspects
	Fixing a Balanced Knockout Tournament.	2014	balanced knockout tournament
	Equilibria Under the Probabilistic Serial Rule.	2015	probabilistic serial rule

Zhiwu Huang	Ruiping Wang 0001	Xilin Chen	Shiguang Shan
	Learning Euclidean-to-Riemannian Metric for Point-to-Set Classification.	2014	learning euclidean-to-riemannian metric	point-to-set classification
	Discriminant analysis on Riemannian manifold of Gaussian distributions for face recognition with image sets.	2015	face recognition	discriminant analysis	image sets	riemannian manifold	gaussian distributions
	Projection Metric Learning on Grassmann Manifold with Application to Video based Face Recognition.	2015	video based face recognition	projection metric learning	grassmann manifold
	Face video retrieval with image query via hashing across Euclidean space and Riemannian manifold.	2015	face video retrieval	riemannian manifold	image query	euclidean space

Nathan Self	Parang Saraf	Patrick Butler	Naren Ramakrishnan
	Forex-foreteller: currency trend modeling using news articles.	2013	currency trend modeling	news articles
	'Beating the news' with EMBERS: forecasting civil unrest using open source indicators.	2014	forecasting civil unrest	open source indicators
	EMBERS at 4 years: Experiences operating an Open Source Indicators Forecasting System.	2016	open source indicators forecasting system	experiences operating

Hanmo Wang	Peng Zhou	Liang Du	Lei Shi	Yi-Dong Shen
	Recovery of Corrupted Multiple Kernels for Clustering.	2015	corrupted multiple kernels
	Learning a Robust Consensus Matrix for Clustering Ensemble via Kullback-Leibler Divergence Minimization.	2015	robust consensus matrix	kullback-leibler divergence minimization	clustering ensemble
	Robust Multiple Kernel K-means Using L21-Norm.	2015	robust multiple kernel k-means
	Convex Batch Mode Active Sampling via α-Relative Pearson Divergence.	2015	convex batch mode active sampling	α-relative pearson divergence

Giovanni Zappella	Fabio Vitale	Claudio Gentile	Nicolò Cesa-Bianchi
	Active Learning on Trees and Graphs.	2010	active learning
	See the Tree Through the Lines: The Shazoo Algorithm.	2011	shazoo algorithm
	A Linear Time Active Learning Algorithm for Link Classification.	2012	linear time active learning algorithm	link classification

Ziyu Guan	Can Wang	Chun Chen	Jiajun Bu
	Guide focused crawler efficiently and effectively using on-line topical importance estimation.	2008	on-line topical importance estimation	guide focused crawler efficiently
	Personalized tag recommendation using graph-based ranking on multi-type interrelated objects.	2009	personalized tag recommendation	multi-type interrelated objects	graph-based ranking
	Can we learn a template-independent wrapper for news article extraction from a single training site?	2009	single training site	news article extraction	template-independent wrapper

Florian Strub	Harm de Vries	Olivier Pietquin	Aaron C. Courville
	Modulating early visual processing by language.	2017	modulating early visual processing
	GuessWhat?! Visual Object Discovery through Multi-modal Dialogue.	2017	visual object discovery	multi-modal dialogue
	End-to-end optimization of goal-driven and visually grounded dialogue systems.	2017	visually grounded dialogue systems	end-to-end optimization

Yun-En Liu	Travis Mandel	Zoran Popovic	Emma Brunskill
	The Queue Method: Handling Delay, Heuristics, Prior Data, and Evaluation in Bandits.	2015	handling delay	queue method	prior data
	Efficient Bayesian Clustering for Reinforcement Learning.	2016	efficient bayesian clustering	reinforcement learning
	Offline Evaluation of Online Reinforcement Learning Algorithms.	2016	online reinforcement learning algorithms	offline evaluation
	Where to Add Actions in Human-in-the-Loop Reinforcement Learning.	2017	human-in-the-loop reinforcement learning	add actions

Yunchao Wei	Xiaodan Liang	Jiashi Feng	Shuicheng Yan
	Reversible Recursive Instance-Level Object Segmentation.	2016	reversible recursive instance-level object segmentation
	Perceptual Generative Adversarial Networks for Small Object Detection.	2017	perceptual generative adversarial networks	small object detection
	Object Region Mining with Adversarial Erasing: A Simple Classification to Semantic Segmentation Approach.	2017	semantic segmentation approach	object region mining	simple classification	adversarial erasing

Santosh K. Suram	Ronan Le Bras	John M. Gregoire	Carla P. Gomes
	Challenges in Materials Discovery - Synthetic Generator and Real Datasets.	2014	synthetic generator	real datasets	materials discovery
	Pattern Decomposition with Complex Combinatorial Constraints: Application to Materials Discovery.	2015	complex combinatorial constraints	pattern decomposition	materials discovery
	Phase-Mapper: An AI Platform to Accelerate High Throughput Materials Discovery.	2017	accelerate high throughput materials discovery	ai platform

Narayan Bhamidipati	Vladan Radosavljevic	Mihajlo Grbovic	Nemanja Djuric
	Non-Linear Label Ranking for Large-Scale Prediction of Long-Term User Interests.	2014	long-term user interests	non-linear label ranking	large-scale prediction
	Gender and Interest Targeting for Sponsored Post Advertising at Tumblr.	2015	sponsored post advertising	interest targeting
	E-commerce in Your Inbox: Product Recommendations at Scale.	2015	product recommendations
	Context- and Content-aware Embeddings for Query Rewriting in Sponsored Search.	2015	query rewriting	sponsored search	content-aware embeddings

Eldar Insafutdinov	Siyu Tang	Bjoern Andres	Bernt Schiele
	DeepCut: Joint Subset Partition and Labeling for Multi Person Pose Estimation.	2016	multi person pose estimation	joint subset partition
	Joint Graph Decomposition & Node Labeling: Problem, Algorithms, Applications.	2017	joint graph decomposition & node labeling
	ArtTrack: Articulated Multi-Person Tracking in the Wild.	2017	articulated multi-person tracking

Philip Habel	Anjie Fang	Iadh Ounis	Craig Macdonald
	Topic-centric Classification of Twitter User's Political Orientation.	2015	twitter user	political orientation	topic-centric classification
	Using Word Embedding to Evaluate the Coherence of Topics from Twitter Data.	2016	word embedding	twitter data
	Examining the Coherence of the Top Ranked Tweet Topics.	2016	top ranked tweet topics

Ding Liu	Yingzhen Yang	Zhangyang Wang	Shiyu Chang	Thomas S. Huang
	Epitomic Image Super-Resolution.	2016	epitomic image super-resolution
	D3: Deep Dual-Domain Based Fast Restoration of JPEG-Compressed Images.	2016	deep dual-domain based fast restoration	jpeg-compressed images
	Studying Very Low Resolution Recognition Using Deep Networks.	2016	low resolution recognition	deep networks

Yingming Li	Zhongfei (Mark) Zhang	Zenglin Xu	Ming Yang
	Learning with Marginalized Corrupted Features and Labels Together.	2016	marginalized corrupted features
	Multi-View Learning with Limited and Noisy Tagging.	2016	multi-view learning	noisy tagging
	Learning with Feature Network and Label Network Simultaneously.	2017	label network simultaneously	feature network

Yoshihide Sekimoto	Quanshi Zhang	Xuan Song	Ryosuke Shibasaki
	Modeling and probabilistic reasoning of population evacuation during large-scale disaster.	2013	population evacuation	large-scale disaster	probabilistic reasoning
	Intelligent System for Urban Emergency Management during Large-Scale Disaster.	2014	urban emergency management	intelligent system	large-scale disaster
	Prediction of human emergency behavior and their mobility following large-scale disaster.	2014	human emergency behavior	large-scale disaster
	A Simulator of Human Emergency Mobility Following Disasters: Knowledge Transfer from Big Disaster Data.	2015	human emergency mobility	big disaster data	knowledge transfer

Zhengxiang Pan	Cyril Leung	Han Yu	Chunyan Miao
	Efficient Collaborative Crowdsourcing.	2016	efficient collaborative crowdsourcing
	Productive Aging through Intelligent Personalized Crowdsourcing.	2016	intelligent personalized crowdsourcing	productive aging
	Crowdsensing Air Quality with Camera-Enabled Mobile Devices.	2017	camera-enabled mobile devices	crowdsensing air quality

Wei Wei 0008	Zhen Zhang	Julian J. McAuley	Yanning Zhang	Qinfeng Shi
	Pairwise Matching through Max-Weight Bipartite Belief Propagation.	2016	max-weight bipartite belief propagation	pairwise matching
	Solving Constrained Combinatorial Optimisation Problems via MAP Inference without High-Order Penalties.	2017	solving constrained combinatorial optimisation problems	high-order penalties	map inference
	Dynamic Programming Bipartite Belief Propagation For Hyper Graph Matching.	2017	dynamic programming bipartite belief propagation	hyper graph matching

Alexander Shleyfman	Michael Katz 0001	Martin Wehrle	Malte Helmert
	Factored Symmetries for Merge-and-Shrink Abstractions.	2015	merge-and-shrink abstractions	factored symmetries
	Heuristics and Symmetries in Classical Planning.	2015	classical planning
	Integrating Partial Order Reduction and Symmetry Elimination for Cost-Optimal Classical Planning.	2015	integrating partial order reduction	cost-optimal classical planning	symmetry elimination

Scott E. Reed	Zeynep Akata	Honglak Lee	Bernt Schiele
	Evaluation of output embeddings for fine-grained image classification.	2015	fine-grained image classification	output embeddings
	Learning Deep Representations of Fine-Grained Visual Descriptions.	2016	fine-grained visual descriptions	learning deep representations
	Learning What and Where to Draw.	2016	draw

Stephen M. Chu	Junchi Yan	Xiaokang Yang	Hongyuan Zha
	On Machine Learning towards Predictive Sales Pipeline Analytics.	2015	predictive sales pipeline analytics	machine learning
	Multi-View Point Registration via Alternating Optimization.	2015	multi-view point registration	alternating optimization
	Discrete hyper-graph matching.	2015	discrete hyper-graph matching
	On Modeling and Predicting Individual Paper Citation Count over Time.	2016	predicting individual paper citation count
	Modeling the Intensity Function of Point Process Via Recurrent Neural Networks.	2017	recurrent neural networks	point process	intensity function

Zhenxing Niu	Xinbo Gao	Gang Hua	Qi Tian
	Spatial-DiscLDA for visual recognition.	2011	visual recognition
	Context aware topic model for scene recognition.	2012	context aware topic model	scene recognition
	Semi-supervised Relational Topic Model for Weakly Annotated Image Recognition in Social Media.	2014	semi-supervised relational topic model	weakly annotated image recognition	social media

Yingwei Pan	Houqiang Li	Ting Yao	Tao Mei
	Click-through-based cross-view learning for image search.	2014	click-through-based cross-view learning	image search
	Semi-supervised Domain Adaptation with Subspace Learning for visual recognition.	2015	semi-supervised domain adaptation	visual recognition	subspace learning
	Semi-supervised Hashing with Semantic Confidence for Large Scale Visual Search.	2015	large scale visual search	semi-supervised hashing	semantic confidence
	Jointly Modeling Embedding and Translation to Bridge Video and Language.	2016	jointly modeling embedding	bridge video
	Learning Deep Intrinsic Video Representation by Exploring Temporal Coherence and Graph Structure.	2016	learning deep intrinsic video representation	exploring temporal coherence	graph structure
	Video Captioning with Transferred Semantic Attributes.	2017	transferred semantic attributes	video captioning
	Seeing Bot.	2017	bot

Yingwei Pan	Houqiang Li	Ting Yao	Yong Rui	Tao Mei
	Click-through-based cross-view learning for image search.	2014	click-through-based cross-view learning	image search
	Learning Deep Intrinsic Video Representation by Exploring Temporal Coherence and Graph Structure.	2016	learning deep intrinsic video representation	exploring temporal coherence	graph structure
	Jointly Modeling Embedding and Translation to Bridge Video and Language.	2016	jointly modeling embedding	bridge video

Norihito Yasuda	Masaaki Nishino	Shin-ichi Minato	Masaaki Nagata
	BDD-Constrained Search: A Unified Approach to Constrained Shortest Path Problems.	2015	constrained shortest path problems	unified approach	bdd-constrained search
	Zero-Suppressed Sentential Decision Diagrams.	2016	zero-suppressed sentential decision diagrams
	Dancing with Decision Diagrams: A Combined Approach to Exact Cover.	2017	decision diagrams	combined approach	exact cover
	Compiling Graph Substructures into Sentential Decision Diagrams.	2017	sentential decision diagrams	compiling graph substructures

Robert Walecki	Ognjen Rudovic	Vladimir Pavlovic	Maja Pantic
	A Framework for Joint Estimation and Guided Annotation of Facial Action Unit Intensity.	2016	facial action unit intensity	guided annotation	joint estimation
	Copula Ordinal Regression for Joint Estimation of Facial Action Unit Intensity.	2016	facial action unit intensity	copula ordinal regression	joint estimation
	Deep Structured Learning for Facial Action Unit Intensity Estimation.	2017	facial action unit intensity estimation	deep structured learning

Yongli Hu	Yanfeng Sun	Baocai Yin	Junbin Gao
	Mixture of Bilateral-Projection Two-Dimensional Probabilistic Principal Component Analysis.	2016	bilateral-projection two-dimensional probabilistic principal component analysis
	Product Grassmann Manifold Representation and Its LRR Models.	2016	product grassmann manifold representation	lrr models
	Locality Preserving Projections for Grassmann manifold.	2017	locality preserving projections	grassmann manifold

Bo Zhao 0001	Qi Li	Jing Gao	Jiawei Han 0001
	On the Discovery of Evolving Truth.	2015	evolving truth
	FaitCrowd: Fine Grained Truth Discovery for Crowdsourced Data Aggregation.	2015	fine grained truth discovery	crowdsourced data aggregation
	Mining Reliable Information from Passively and Actively Crowdsourced Data.	2016	mining reliable information	actively crowdsourced data

Songfang Huang	Xin Gao	Zhiwu Lu	Ji-Rong Wen
	Noise-Robust Semi-Supervised Learning by Large-Scale Sparse Coding.	2015	noise-robust semi-supervised learning	large-scale sparse coding
	Social Image Parsing by Cross-Modal Data Refinement.	2015	cross-modal data refinement	social image parsing
	FeaBoost: Joint Feature and Label Refinement for Semantic Segmentation.	2017	label refinement	joint feature	semantic segmentation

Alina Bialkowski	Peter Carr 0001	Patrick Lucey	Iain A. Matthews
	Characterizing Multi-Agent Team Behavior from Partial Team Tracings: Evidence from the English Premier League.	2012	characterizing multi-agent team behavior	partial team tracings	english premier league
	Recognising Team Activities from Noisy Data.	2013	recognising team activities	noisy data
	Representing and Discovering Adversarial Team Behaviors Using Player Roles.	2013	discovering adversarial team behaviors	player roles

Zhe Gan	Ricardo Henao	Chunyuan Li	Lawrence Carin
	Deep Temporal Sigmoid Belief Networks for Sequence Modeling.	2015	deep temporal sigmoid belief networks	sequence modeling
	Variational Autoencoder for Deep Learning of Images, Labels and Captions.	2016	variational autoencoder	deep learning
	Adversarial Symmetric Variational Autoencoder.	2017	adversarial symmetric variational autoencoder
	VAE Learning via Stein Variational Gradient Descent.	2017	stein variational gradient descent	vae learning

Jimei Yang	Brian L. Price	Scott Cohen	Ming-Hsuan Yang 0001
	Context Driven Scene Parsing with Attention to Rare Classes.	2014	context driven scene parsing	rare classes
	PatchCut: Data-driven object segmentation via local shape transfer.	2015	data-driven object segmentation	local shape transfer
	Object Contour Detection with a Fully Convolutional Encoder-Decoder Network.	2016	fully convolutional encoder-decoder network	object contour detection

Yongfeng Zhang	Min Zhang 0006	Shaoping Ma	Yiqun Liu
	Improve collaborative filtering through bordered block diagonal form matrices.	2013	bordered block diagonal form matrices	improve collaborative filtering
	Do users rate or review?: boost phrase-level sentiment labeling with review-level sentiment classification.	2014	boost phrase-level sentiment labeling	review-level sentiment classification	users rate
	Explicit factor models for explainable recommendation based on phrase-level sentiment analysis.	2014	explainable recommendation based	phrase-level sentiment analysis	explicit factor models
	Catch the Black Sheep: Unified Framework for Shilling Attack Detection Based on Fraudulent Action Propagation.	2015	shilling attack detection based	fraudulent action propagation	black sheep	unified framework

Ling-Yu Duan	Tiejun Huang	Zhe Wang	Wen Gao 0001
	Hamming Compatible Quantization for Hashing.	2015	hamming compatible quantization
	Affinity Preserving Quantization for Hashing: A Vector Quantization Approach to Compact Learn Binary Codes.	2016	compact learn binary codes	vector quantization approach	affinity preserving quantization
	To Project More or to Quantize More: Minimize Reconstruction Bias for Learning Compact Binary Codes.	2016	learning compact binary codes	minimize reconstruction bias

Jie Qin	Yunhong Wang	Li Liu	Ling Shao
	Binary Coding for Partial Action Analysis with Limited Observation Ratios.	2017	partial action analysis	limited observation ratios	binary coding
	Zero-Shot Action Recognition with Error-Correcting Output Codes.	2017	zero-shot action recognition	error-correcting output codes
	Fast Person Re-identification via Cross-Camera Semantic Binary Transformation.	2017	cross-camera semantic binary transformation	fast person re-identification

Yunhe Wang	Chang Xu	Chao Xu 0006	Dacheng Tao
	CNNpack: Packing Convolutional Neural Networks in the Frequency Domain.	2016	packing convolutional neural networks	frequency domain
	Beyond RPCA: Flattening Complex Noise in the Frequency Domain.	2017	flattening complex noise	frequency domain
	Privileged Multi-label Learning.	2017	privileged multi-label learning

Kenichiro Tanaka	Hiroyuki Kubo	Yasuhiro Mukaigawa	Yasushi Yagi	Yasuyuki Matsushita
	Recovering inner slices of translucent objects by multi-frequency illumination.	2015	translucent objects	multi-frequency illumination
	Recovering Transparent Shape from Time-of-Flight Distortion.	2016	recovering transparent shape	time-of-flight distortion
	Material Classification Using Frequency-and Depth-Dependent Time-of-Flight Distortion.	2017	depth-dependent time-of-flight distortion	material classification

Wenyuan Dai	Gui-Rong Xue	Yong Yu	Qiang Yang 0001
	Co-clustering based classification for out-of-domain documents.	2007	co-clustering based classification	out-of-domain documents
	Transferring Naive Bayes Classifiers for Text Classification.	2007	transferring naive bayes classifiers	text classification
	Topic-bridged PLSA for cross-domain text classification.	2008	cross-domain text classification	topic-bridged plsa
	Translated Learning: Transfer Learning across Different Feature Spaces.	2008	feature spaces	transfer learning	translated learning
	Spectral domain-transfer learning.	2008	spectral domain-transfer learning

Minnan Luo	Qinghua Zheng	Xiaojun Chang	Feiping Nie
	Avoiding Optimal Mean Robust PCA/2DPCA with Non-greedy ℓ1-Norm Maximization.	2016	non-greedy ℓ1-norm maximization	robust pca/2dpca	avoiding optimal
	Probabilistic Non-Negative Matrix Factorization and Its Robust Extensions for Topic Modeling.	2017	probabilistic non-negative matrix factorization	robust extensions	topic modeling
	Adaptive Semi-Supervised Learning with Discriminative Least Squares Regression.	2017	adaptive semi-supervised learning	squares regression

Salvatore Trani	Franco Maria Nardini	Claudio Lucchese	Raffaele Perego
	Post-Learning Optimization of Tree Ensembles for Efficient Ranking.	2016	post-learning optimization	tree ensembles	efficient ranking
	X-DART: Blending Dropout and Pruning for Efficient Learning to Rank.	2017	blending dropout	efficient learning
	RankEval: An Evaluation and Analysis Framework for Learning-to-Rank Solutions.	2017	analysis framework	learning-to-rank solutions

Shuzi Niu	Yanyan Lan	Jiafeng Guo	Xueqi Cheng
	Top-k learning to rank: labeling, ranking and evaluation.	2012	ranking
	What makes data robust: a data analysis in learning to rank.	2014	makes data robust	data analysis
	Learning for search result diversification.	2014	search result diversification

Patrick Peursum	Senjian An	Wanquan Liu	Svetha Venkatesh
	Efficient algorithms for subwindow search in object detection and localization.	2009	efficient algorithms	object detection	subwindow search
	Exploiting Monge structures in optimum subwindow search.	2010	exploiting monge structures	optimum subwindow search
	Efficient subwindow search with submodular score functions.	2011	efficient subwindow search	submodular score functions

Teresa Wu	Kewei Chen	Eric Reiman	Jing Li	Jieping Ye
	Heterogeneous data fusion for alzheimer's disease study.	2008	heterogeneous data fusion	disease study
	Learning Brain Connectivity of Alzheimer's Disease from Neuroimaging Data.	2009	learning brain connectivity	neuroimaging data
	Mining brain region connectivity for alzheimer's disease study via sparse inverse covariance estimation.	2009	mining brain region connectivity	sparse inverse covariance estimation	disease study
	Identifying Alzheimer's Disease-Related Brain Regions from Multi-Modality Neuroimaging Data using Sparse Composite Linear Discrimination Analysis.	2011	sparse composite linear discrimination analysis	disease-related brain regions	multi-modality neuroimaging data	identifying alzheimer
	Brain effective connectivity modeling for alzheimer's disease by sparse gaussian bayesian network.	2011	brain effective connectivity modeling	sparse gaussian bayesian network

Jonathan Taylor	Shahram Izadi	Jamie Shotton	Andrew W. Fitzgibbon
	User-Specific Hand Modeling from Monocular Depth Sequences.	2014	monocular depth sequences	user-specific hand modeling
	Learning an efficient model of hand shape variation from depth images.	2015	hand shape variation	depth images	efficient model
	Fits Like a Glove: Rapid and Reliable Hand Shape Personalization.	2016	reliable hand shape personalization

Wei Di	Anurag Bhardwaj	Robinson Piramuthu	Neel Sundaresan
	Style Finder: Fine-Grained Clothing Style Detection and Retrieval.	2013	fine-grained clothing style detection	style finder
	Palette power: enabling visual search through colors.	2013	enabling visual search	palette power
	Large scale visual recommendations from street fashion images.	2014	large scale visual recommendations	street fashion images

Hua Wang	Chris H. Q. Ding	Heng Huang	Feiping Nie
	Maximum Margin Multi-Instance Learning.	2011	maximum margin multi-instance learning
	Robust Principal Component Analysis with Non-Greedy l1-Norm Maximization.	2011	robust principal component analysis	non-greedy l1-norm maximization
	Cross-language web page classification via dual knowledge transfer using nonnegative matrix tri-factorization.	2011	cross-language web page classification	nonnegative matrix tri-factorization	dual knowledge transfer
	Adaptive Loss Minimization for Semi-Supervised Elastic Embedding.	2013	adaptive loss minimization	semi-supervised elastic embedding
	Early Active Learning via Robust Representation and Structured Sparsity.	2013	early active learning	structured sparsity	robust representation
	Heterogeneous Visual Features Fusion via Sparse Multimodal Machine.	2013	heterogeneous visual features fusion	sparse multimodal machine

Troy Raeder	Brian Dalessandro	Claudia Perlich	Foster J. Provost
	Bid optimizing and inventory scoring in targeted online advertising.	2012	targeted online advertising	bid optimizing	inventory scoring
	Design principles of massive, robust prediction systems.	2012	robust prediction systems	design principles
	Using co-visitation networks for detecting large scale online display advertising exchange fraud.	2013	detecting large scale online display advertising exchange fraud	co-visitation networks
	Scalable supervised dimensionality reduction using clustering.	2013	scalable supervised dimensionality reduction
	Scalable hands-free transfer learning for online advertising.	2014	scalable hands-free transfer learning	online advertising

Filippo Bergamasco	Andrea Albarelli	Andrea Torsello	Emanuele Rodolà
	RUNE-Tag: A high accuracy fiducial marker with strong occlusion resilience.	2011	high accuracy fiducial marker	strong occlusion resilience
	A game-theoretic approach to deformable shape matching.	2012	deformable shape matching	game-theoretic approach
	Can a Fully Unconstrained Imaging Model Be Applied Effectively to Central Cameras?	2013	fully unconstrained imaging model	central cameras	applied effectively
	Adopting an unconstrained ray model in light-field cameras for 3D shape reconstruction.	2015	3d shape reconstruction	unconstrained ray model	light-field cameras

Mayu Iwata	Makoto P. Kato	Takehiro Yamamoto	Tetsuya Sakai
	Exploring semi-automatic nugget extraction for Japanese one click access evaluation.	2013	exploring semi-automatic nugget extraction	click access evaluation
	Summary of the NTCIR-10 INTENT-2 task: subtopic mining and search result diversification.	2013	search result diversification	ntcir-10 intent-2 task	subtopic mining
	Report from the NTCIR-10 1CLICK-2 Japanese subtask: baselines, upperbounds and evaluation robustness.	2013	ntcir-10 1click-2 japanese subtask	evaluation robustness

Jianshu Li	Yunpeng Chen	Jiashi Feng	Shuicheng Yan
	Estimation of Affective Level in the Wild with Multiple Memory Networks.	2017	multiple memory networks	affective level
	Self-Supervised Neural Aggregation Networks for Human Parsing.	2017	self-supervised neural aggregation networks	human parsing
	3D-Assisted Coarse-to-Fine Extreme-Pose Facial Landmark Detection.	2017	3d-assisted coarse-to-fine extreme-pose facial landmark detection

Jianshu Li	Jian Zhao	Jiashi Feng	Shuicheng Yan
	Dual-Agent GANs for Photorealistic and Identity Preserving Profile Face Synthesis.	2017	identity preserving profile face synthesis	dual-agent gans
	Self-Supervised Neural Aggregation Networks for Human Parsing.	2017	self-supervised neural aggregation networks	human parsing
	Estimation of Affective Level in the Wild with Multiple Memory Networks.	2017	multiple memory networks	affective level

Chun-Hao Huang	Slobodan Ilic	Edmond Boyer	Nassir Navab
	Human Shape and Pose Tracking Using Keyframes.	2014	pose tracking	human shape
	Toward user-specific tracking by detection of human shapes in multi-cameras.	2015	human shapes	user-specific tracking
	Volumetric 3D Tracking by Detection.	2016	volumetric 3d tracking

Xiuzi Ye	Mingyu Fan	Di Wang	Xiaoqin Zhang
	Multi-Modality Tracker Aggregation: From Generative to Discriminative.	2015	multi-modality tracker aggregation
	An Efficient Classifier Based on Hierarchical Mixing Linear Support Vector Machines.	2015	hierarchical mixing linear support vector machines	efficient classifier based
	Semi-Supervised Dictionary Learning via Structural Sparse Preserving.	2016	structural sparse preserving	semi-supervised dictionary learning

Sam S. Tsai	Radek Grzeszczuk	David M. Chen	Bernd Girod
	CHoG: Compressed histogram of gradients A low bit-rate feature descriptor.	2009	low bit-rate feature descriptor	compressed histogram
	Unified Real-Time Tracking and Recognition with Rotation-Invariant Fast Features.	2010	unified real-time tracking	rotation-invariant fast features
	Quantization schemes for low bitrate Compressed Histogram of Gradients descriptors.	2010	low bitrate compressed histogram	gradients descriptors	quantization schemes
	City-scale landmark identification on mobile devices.	2011	city-scale landmark identification	mobile devices

Tamir Hazan	Alexander G. Schwing	Marc Pollefeys	Raquel Urtasun
	Distributed message passing for large scale graphical models.	2011	large scale graphical models	distributed message passing
	Globally Convergent Dual MAP LP Relaxation Solvers using Fenchel-Young Margins.	2012	globally convergent dual map lp relaxation solvers	fenchel-young margins
	Efficient structured prediction for 3D indoor scene understanding.	2012	3d indoor scene understanding	efficient structured prediction

Chun Chen	Jiajun Bu	Xiaofei He	Deng Cai
	Efficient manifold ranking for image retrieval.	2011	efficient manifold ranking	image retrieval
	Document Summarization Based on Data Reconstruction.	2012	document summarization based	data reconstruction
	Harmonious Hashing.	2013	harmonious hashing

Baharan Mirzasoleiman	Ashwinkumar Badanidiyuru	Amin Karbasi	Andreas Krause 0001
	Streaming submodular maximization: massive data summarization on the fly.	2014	streaming submodular maximization	massive data summarization
	Lazier Than Lazy Greedy.	2015	lazy greedy
	Distributed Submodular Cover: Succinctly Summarizing Massive Data.	2015	succinctly summarizing massive data	distributed submodular cover

Zenglin Xu	Irwin King	Michael R. Lyu	Rong Jin
	Efficient Convex Relaxation for Transductive Support Vector Machine.	2007	transductive support vector machine	efficient convex relaxation
	An Extended Level Method for Efficient Multiple Kernel Learning.	2008	efficient multiple kernel learning	extended level method
	Adaptive Regularization for Transductive Support Vector Machine.	2009	transductive support vector machine	adaptive regularization
	Discriminative Semi-Supervised Feature Selection via Manifold Regularization.	2009	discriminative semi-supervised feature selection	manifold regularization
	Smooth Optimization for Effective Multiple Kernel Learning.	2010	effective multiple kernel learning	smooth optimization

Xiao Cai	Chris H. Q. Ding	Heng Huang	Feiping Nie
	Efficient and Robust Feature Selection via Joint ℓ2, 1-Norms Minimization.	2010	robust feature selection	1-norms minimization
	On the equivalent of low-rank linear regressions and linear discriminant analysis based regressions.	2013	linear discriminant analysis based regressions	low-rank linear regressions
	A Closed Form Solution to Multi-View Low-Rank Regression.	2015	multi-view low-rank regression	closed form solution

Zhecan Wang	Jianshu Li	Jiashi Feng	Shuicheng Yan
	Dual-Agent GANs for Photorealistic and Identity Preserving Profile Face Synthesis.	2017	identity preserving profile face synthesis	dual-agent gans
	Self-Supervised Neural Aggregation Networks for Human Parsing.	2017	self-supervised neural aggregation networks	human parsing
	3D-Assisted Coarse-to-Fine Extreme-Pose Facial Landmark Detection.	2017	3d-assisted coarse-to-fine extreme-pose facial landmark detection

Chong-Wah Ngo	Yingwei Pan	Houqiang Li	Ting Yao	Tao Mei
	Click-through-based cross-view learning for image search.	2014	click-through-based cross-view learning	image search
	Semi-supervised Domain Adaptation with Subspace Learning for visual recognition.	2015	semi-supervised domain adaptation	visual recognition	subspace learning
	Semi-supervised Hashing with Semantic Confidence for Large Scale Visual Search.	2015	large scale visual search	semi-supervised hashing	semantic confidence

Emmanuel Hebrard	George Katsirelos	Christian Bessiere	Toby Walsh
	Detecting and Exploiting Subproblem Tractability.	2013	exploiting subproblem tractability
	Constraint Acquisition via Partial Queries.	2013	partial queries	constraint acquisition
	Ranking Constraints.	2016	ranking constraints

Shant Karakashian	Robert J. Woodward	Berthe Y. Choueiry	Christian Bessiere
	A First Practical Algorithm for High Levels of Relational Consistency.	2010	practical algorithm	high levels	relational consistency
	Adaptive Neighborhood Inverse Consistency as Lookahead for Non-Binary CSPs.	2011	adaptive neighborhood inverse consistency	non-binary csps
	Solving Difficult CSPs with Relational Neighborhood Inverse Consistency.	2011	relational neighborhood inverse consistency	solving difficult csps

Kentaro Torisawa	Julien Kloetzer	Jong-Hoon Oh	Chikara Hashimoto
	Generating Event Causality Hypotheses through Semantic Relations.	2015	generating event causality hypotheses	semantic relations
	A Semi-Supervised Learning Approach to Why-Question Answering.	2016	semi-supervised learning approach	why-question answering
	Improving Event Causality Recognition with Multiple Background Knowledge Sources Using Multi-Column Convolutional Neural Networks.	2017	improving event causality recognition	multi-column convolutional neural networks	multiple background knowledge sources

Ziqiong Liu	Shengjin Wang	Liang Zheng	Qi Tian
	Lp-Norm IDF for Large Scale Image Search.	2013	large scale image search	lp-norm idf
	Packing and Padding: Coupled Multi-index for Accurate Image Retrieval.	2014	accurate image retrieval	coupled multi-index
	Query-adaptive late fusion for image search and person re-identification.	2015	query-adaptive late fusion	person re-identification	image search

Fenglong Ma	Lu Su	Qi Li	Jing Gao
	FaitCrowd: Fine Grained Truth Discovery for Crowdsourced Data Aggregation.	2015	fine grained truth discovery	crowdsourced data aggregation
	Towards Confidence in the Truth: A Bootstrapping based Truth Discovery Approach.	2016	bootstrapping based truth discovery approach
	Unsupervised Discovery of Drug Side-Effects from Heterogeneous Data Sources.	2017	heterogeneous data sources	drug side-effects	unsupervised discovery

Akihiko Torii	Masatoshi Okutomi	Josef Sivic	Tomás Pajdla
	Visual Place Recognition with Repetitive Structures.	2013	visual place recognition	repetitive structures
	24/7 place recognition by view synthesis.	2015	24/7 place recognition	view synthesis
	Are Large-Scale 3D Models Really Necessary for Accurate Visual Localization?	2017	large-scale 3d models	accurate visual localization

Stefan Hinterstoisser	Vincent Lepetit	Nassir Navab	Pascal Fua
	Online learning of patch perspective rectification for efficient object detection.	2008	patch perspective rectification	efficient object detection	online learning
	Real-time learning of accurate patch rectification.	2009	accurate patch rectification	real-time learning
	Dominant orientation templates for real-time detection of texture-less objects.	2010	dominant orientation templates	real-time detection

Peter Bailey	Paul Thomas	Alistair Moffat	Falk Scholer
	User Variability and IR System Evaluation.	2015	ir system evaluation	user variability
	UQV100: A Test Collection with Query Variability.	2016	query variability	test collection
	Retrieval Consistency in the Presence of Query Variations.	2017	query variations	retrieval consistency

Ori Stitelman	Troy Raeder	Brian Dalessandro	Claudia Perlich	Foster J. Provost
	Design principles of massive, robust prediction systems.	2012	robust prediction systems	design principles
	Bid optimizing and inventory scoring in targeted online advertising.	2012	targeted online advertising	bid optimizing	inventory scoring
	Scalable supervised dimensionality reduction using clustering.	2013	scalable supervised dimensionality reduction
	Using co-visitation networks for detecting large scale online display advertising exchange fraud.	2013	detecting large scale online display advertising exchange fraud	co-visitation networks

Gabriel Takacs	Sam S. Tsai	Radek Grzeszczuk	David M. Chen	Bernd Girod	Vijay Chandrasekhar
	CHoG: Compressed histogram of gradients A low bit-rate feature descriptor.	2009	low bit-rate feature descriptor	compressed histogram
	Unified Real-Time Tracking and Recognition with Rotation-Invariant Fast Features.	2010	unified real-time tracking	rotation-invariant fast features
	Quantization schemes for low bitrate Compressed Histogram of Gradients descriptors.	2010	low bitrate compressed histogram	gradients descriptors	quantization schemes

Paul Duckworth	Muhannad Al-Omari	David C. Hogg	Anthony G. Cohn
	Natural Language Acquisition and Grounding for Embodied Robotic Systems.	2017	natural language acquisition	embodied robotic systems
	Latent Dirichlet Allocation for Unsupervised Activity Analysis on an Autonomous Mobile Robot.	2017	autonomous mobile robot	unsupervised activity analysis	latent dirichlet allocation
	Grounding of Human Environments and Activities for Autonomous Robots.	2017	autonomous robots	human environments

Li Zheng	Chao Shen	Liang Tang	Tao Li 0001
	Using data mining techniques to address critical information exchange needs in disaster affected public-private networks.	2010	disaster affected public-private networks	address critical information exchange	data mining techniques
	Applying data mining techniques to address disaster information management challenges on mobile devices.	2011	address disaster information management challenges	applying data mining techniques	mobile devices
	Applying data mining techniques to address critical process optimization needs in advanced manufacturing.	2014	applying data mining techniques	address critical process optimization	advanced manufacturing

ZhongYang Huang	Zheng Song	Qiang Chen	Shuicheng Yan
	Contextualizing object detection and classification.	2011	contextualizing object detection
	Hierarchical matching with side information for image classification.	2012	image classification	side information	hierarchical matching
	Efficient Maximum Appearance Search for Large-Scale Object Detection.	2013	efficient maximum appearance search	large-scale object detection

Yexiang Xue	Bart Selman	Stefano Ermon	Carla P. Gomes
	Uncovering Hidden Structure through Parallel Problem Decomposition.	2014	parallel problem decomposition	uncovering hidden structure
	Uncovering Hidden Structure through Parallel Problem Decomposition for the Set Basis Problem: Application to Materials Discovery.	2015	set basis problem	parallel problem decomposition	uncovering hidden structure	materials discovery
	Uncovering Hidden Structure through Parallel Problem Decomposition for the Set Basis Problem.	2015	set basis problem	parallel problem decomposition	uncovering hidden structure
	Solving Marginal MAP Problems with NP Oracles and Parity Constraints.	2016	solving marginal map problems	np oracles	parity constraints

Maria Polukarov	Zinovi Rabinovich	Svetlana Obraztsova	Nicholas R. Jennings
	Convergence to Equilibria in Strategic Candidacy.	2015	strategic candidacy
	On the Convergence of Iterative Voting: How Restrictive Should Restricted Dynamics Be?	2015	iterative voting	restricted dynamics
	Trembling Hand Equilibria of Plurality Voting.	2016	trembling hand equilibria	plurality voting

Yue Gao	Jungong Han	Yuchen Guo	Guiguang Ding
	SitNet: Discrete Similarity Transfer Network for Zero-shot Hashing.	2017	discrete similarity transfer network	zero-shot hashing
	Synthesizing Samples for Zero-shot Learning.	2017	synthesizing samples	zero-shot learning
	Active Learning with Cross-Class Similarity Transfer.	2017	cross-class similarity transfer	active learning
	TUCH: Turning Cross-view Hashing into Single-view Hashing via Generative Adversarial Nets.	2017	generative adversarial nets	turning cross-view hashing	single-view hashing
	Zero-Shot Recognition via Direct Classifier Learning with Transferred Samples and Pseudo Labels.	2017	direct classifier learning	zero-shot recognition	transferred samples	pseudo labels

Serge Gaspers	Nicholas Mattei	Haris Aziz 0001	Toby Walsh
	Ties Matter: Complexity of Manipulation when Tie-Breaking with a Random Vote.	2013	ties matter	random vote
	Computational Aspects of Multi-Winner Approval Voting.	2014	multi-winner approval voting	computational aspects
	Fixing a Balanced Knockout Tournament.	2014	balanced knockout tournament
	Equilibria Under the Probabilistic Serial Rule.	2015	probabilistic serial rule
	Interdependent Scheduling Games.	2016	interdependent scheduling games

Nikolaus Mayer	Eddy Ilg	Alexey Dosovitskiy	Thomas Brox
	A Large Dataset to Train Convolutional Networks for Disparity, Optical Flow, and Scene Flow Estimation.	2016	train convolutional networks	scene flow estimation	optical flow	large dataset
	DeMoN: Depth and Motion Network for Learning Monocular Stereo.	2017	learning monocular stereo	motion network
	FlowNet 2.0: Evolution of Optical Flow Estimation with Deep Networks.	2017	optical flow estimation	deep networks

Ashish Sabharwal	Bart Selman	Stefano Ermon	Carla P. Gomes
	Accelerated Adaptive Markov Chain for Partition Function Computation.	2011	accelerated adaptive markov chain	partition function computation
	Density Propagation and Improved Bounds on the Partition Function.	2012	improved bounds	density propagation	partition function
	Embed and Project: Discrete Sampling with Universal Hashing.	2013	discrete sampling	universal hashing
	Designing Fast Absorbing Markov Chains.	2014	designing fast absorbing markov chains

Maria Luisa Bonet	Jordi Levy	Felip Manyà	Carlos Ansótegui
	Inference Rules for High-Order Consistency in Weighted CSP.	2007	weighted csp	high-order consistency	inference rules
	The Logic Behind Weighted CSP.	2007	weighted csp
	Measuring the Hardness of SAT Instances.	2008	sat instances

Shuo Yang	Chen Change Loy	Ping Luo	Xiaoou Tang
	Deep Representation Learning with Target Coding.	2015	deep representation learning	target coding
	DeepID-Net: Deformable deep convolutional neural networks for object detection.	2015	deformable deep convolutional neural networks	object detection
	WIDER FACE: A Face Detection Benchmark.	2016	face detection benchmark	wider face

Xiaowei Shao	Huijing Zhao	Quanshi Zhang	Xuan Song	Ryosuke Shibasaki
	Category Modeling from Just a Single Labeling: Use Depth Information to Guide the Learning of 2D Models.	2013	category modeling	depth information	2d models	single labeling
	When 3D Reconstruction Meets Ubiquitous RGB-D Images.	2014	3d reconstruction meets ubiquitous rgb-
	Attributed Graph Mining and Matching: An Attempt to Define and Extract Soft Attributed Patterns.	2014	extract soft attributed patterns	attributed graph mining

Xiaowei Shao	Huijing Zhao	Xuan Song	Ryosuke Shibasaki
	An online approach: Learning-Semantic-Scene-by-Tracking and Tracking-by-Learning-Semantic-Scene.	2010	online approach
	Category Modeling from Just a Single Labeling: Use Depth Information to Guide the Learning of 2D Models.	2013	category modeling	depth information	2d models	single labeling
	When 3D Reconstruction Meets Ubiquitous RGB-D Images.	2014	3d reconstruction meets ubiquitous rgb-
	Attributed Graph Mining and Matching: An Attempt to Define and Extract Soft Attributed Patterns.	2014	extract soft attributed patterns	attributed graph mining

Liqun Chen	Yunchen Pu	Chunyuan Li	Lawrence Carin
	Adversarial Symmetric Variational Autoencoder.	2017	adversarial symmetric variational autoencoder
	ALICE: Towards Understanding Adversarial Learning for Joint Distribution Matching.	2017	joint distribution matching	understanding adversarial learning
	Triangle Generative Adversarial Networks.	2017	triangle generative adversarial networks

Jiashen Sun	Min Zhang 0006	Shaoping Ma	Yiqun Liu
	Different Users, Different Opinions: Predicting Search Satisfaction with Mouse Movement Information.	2015	predicting search satisfaction	mouse movement information
	Detecting Promotion Campaigns in Community Question Answering.	2015	community question answering	detecting promotion campaigns
	When does Relevance Mean Usefulness and User Satisfaction in Web Search?	2016	user satisfaction	web search

Xiaoxiao Guo	Richard L. Lewis	Satinder P. Singh	Honglak Lee
	Deep Learning for Real-Time Atari Game Play Using Offline Monte-Carlo Tree Search Planning.	2014	offline monte-carlo tree search planning	real-time atari game play	deep learning
	Action-Conditional Video Prediction using Deep Networks in Atari Games.	2015	action-conditional video prediction	atari games	deep networks
	Deep Learning for Reward Design to Improve Monte Carlo Tree Search in ATARI Games.	2016	improve monte carlo tree search	reward design	deep learning	atari games

Yu Su	Wen Gao 0001	Xilin Chen	Shiguang Shan
	Classifiability-based Optimal Discriminatory Projection Pursuit.	2008	classifiability-based optimal discriminatory projection pursuit
	Unified Principal Component Analysis with generalized Covariance Matrix for face recognition.	2008	unified principal component analysis	generalized covariance matrix	face recognition
	Adaptive generic learning for face recognition from a single sample per person.	2010	adaptive generic learning	face recognition	single sample

Alessandro Artale	Vladislav Ryzhikov	Roman Kontchakov	Michael Zakharyaschev
	Past and Future of DL-Lite.	2010	past
	First-Order Rewritability of Temporal Ontology-Mediated Queries.	2015	temporal ontology-mediated queries	first-order rewritability
	Tractable Interval Temporal Propositional and Description Logics.	2015	tractable interval temporal propositional	description logics

Jianping Yin	Yong Dou	Xinwang Liu	Lei Wang 0001
	Absent Multiple Kernel Learning.	2015	absent multiple kernel learning
	Multiple Kernel k-Means Clustering with Matrix-Induced Regularization.	2016	multiple kernel k-means clustering	matrix-induced regularization
	Multiple Kernel Clustering with Local Kernel Alignment Maximization.	2016	local kernel alignment maximization	multiple kernel clustering
	Multiple Kernel k-Means with Incomplete Kernels.	2017	multiple kernel k-means	incomplete kernels

Ke Zhou	Min Zhang 0006	Shaoping Ma	Yiqun Liu
	Influence of Vertical Result in Web Search Examination.	2015	web search examination	vertical result
	When does Relevance Mean Usefulness and User Satisfaction in Web Search?	2016	user satisfaction	web search
	Predicting Search User Examination with Visual Saliency.	2016	predicting search user examination	visual saliency
	Meta-evaluation of Online and Offline Web Search Evaluation Metrics.	2017	offline web search evaluation metrics

Qi Meng	Zhiming Ma	Taifeng Wang	Wei Chen	Tie-Yan Liu
	Asynchronous Accelerated Stochastic Gradient Descent.	2016	asynchronous accelerated stochastic gradient descent
	A Communication-Efficient Parallel Algorithm for Decision Tree.	2016	communication-efficient parallel algorithm	decision tree
	Generalization Error Bounds for Optimization Algorithms via Stability.	2017	generalization error bounds	optimization algorithms
	Asynchronous Stochastic Proximal Optimization Algorithms with Variance Reduction.	2017	asynchronous stochastic proximal optimization algorithms	variance reduction

Qi Meng	Taifeng Wang	Wei Chen	Tie-Yan Liu
	Asynchronous Accelerated Stochastic Gradient Descent.	2016	asynchronous accelerated stochastic gradient descent
	A Communication-Efficient Parallel Algorithm for Decision Tree.	2016	communication-efficient parallel algorithm	decision tree
	Generalization Error Bounds for Optimization Algorithms via Stability.	2017	generalization error bounds	optimization algorithms
	LightGBM: A Highly Efficient Gradient Boosting Decision Tree.	2017	highly efficient gradient boosting decision tree
	Asynchronous Stochastic Proximal Optimization Algorithms with Variance Reduction.	2017	asynchronous stochastic proximal optimization algorithms	variance reduction

Li Wang	Kap Luk Chan	Bing Wang 0003	Gang Wang 0012
	Tracklet Association in Detect-Then-Track Paradigm for Long-Term Multi-person Tracking.	2014	long-term multi-person tracking	tracklet association	detect-then-track paradigm
	Tracklet Association with Online Target-Specific Metric Learning.	2014	online target-specific metric learning	tracklet association
	Joint Learning of Convolutional Neural Networks and Temporally Constrained Metrics for Tracklet Association.	2016	temporally constrained metrics	convolutional neural networks	tracklet association	joint learning

Dylan Hadfield-Menell	Anca D. Dragan	Stuart J. Russell	Pieter Abbeel
	Cooperative Inverse Reinforcement Learning.	2016	cooperative inverse reinforcement learning
	Inverse Reward Design.	2017	inverse reward design
	The Off-Switch Game.	2017	off-switch game

Yonglong Tian	Ping Luo	Xiaogang Wang	Xiaoou Tang
	Switchable Deep Network for Pedestrian Detection.	2014	switchable deep network	pedestrian detection
	Pedestrian detection aided by deep learning semantic tasks.	2015	deep learning semantic tasks	pedestrian detection aided
	DeepID-Net: Deformable deep convolutional neural networks for object detection.	2015	deformable deep convolutional neural networks	object detection

Eugene Kharitonov	Pavel Serdyukov	Iadh Ounis	Craig Macdonald
	User model-based metrics for offline query suggestion evaluation.	2013	offline query suggestion evaluation	user model-based metrics
	Sequential Testing for Early Stopping of Online Experiments.	2015	online experiments	early stopping	sequential testing
	Optimised Scheduling of Online Experiments.	2015	optimised scheduling	online experiments

Shan You	Chang Xu	Chao Xu 0006	Dacheng Tao
	CNNpack: Packing Convolutional Neural Networks in the Frequency Domain.	2016	packing convolutional neural networks	frequency domain
	Learning from Multiple Teacher Networks.	2017	multiple teacher networks
	Privileged Multi-label Learning.	2017	privileged multi-label learning

David S. Bolme	Yui Man Lui	Bruce A. Draper	J. Ross Beveridge
	Visual object tracking using adaptive correlation filters.	2010	visual object tracking	adaptive correlation filters
	Quantifying how lighting and focus affect face recognition performance.	2010	focus affect face recognition performance
	Preliminary studies on the Good, the Bad, and the Ugly face recognition challenge problem.	2012	ugly face recognition challenge problem	preliminary studies

Ting Hua	Feng Chen 0001	Chang-Tien Lu	Naren Ramakrishnan
	STED: semi-supervised targeted-interest event detectionin in twitter.	2013	semi-supervised targeted-interest event detectionin
	'Beating the news' with EMBERS: forecasting civil unrest using open source indicators.	2014	forecasting civil unrest	open source indicators
	Topical Analysis of Interactions Between News and Social Media.	2016	topical analysis	social media

Keith Henderson	Tina Eliassi-Rad	Leman Akoglu	Lei Li	Hanghang Tong	Christos Faloutsos
	Metric forensics: a multi-level approach for mining volatile graphs.	2010	mining volatile graphs	multi-level approach	metric forensics
	It's who you know: graph mining using recursive structural features.	2011	recursive structural features	graph mining
	RolX: structural role extraction & mining in large graphs.	2012	structural role extraction & mining	large graphs

Li Dong	Ke Xu 0001	Ming Zhou 0001	Furu Wei
	The Automated Acquisition of Suggestions from Tweets.	2013	automated acquisition
	Adaptive Multi-Compositionality for Recursive Neural Models with Applications to Sentiment Analysis.	2014	recursive neural models	adaptive multi-compositionality	sentiment analysis
	A Hybrid Neural Model for Type Classification of Entity Mentions.	2015	hybrid neural model	type classification	entity mentions

Rupinder Paul Khandpur	Liang Zhao	Chang-Tien Lu	Naren Ramakrishnan
	'Beating the news' with EMBERS: forecasting civil unrest using open source indicators.	2014	forecasting civil unrest	open source indicators
	EMBERS at 4 years: Experiences operating an Open Source Indicators Forecasting System.	2016	open source indicators forecasting system	experiences operating
	Determining Relative Airport Threats from News and Social Media.	2017	determining relative airport threats	social media

Kai Zhong	Ian En-Hsu Yen	Pradeep Ravikumar	Inderjit S. Dhillon
	Proximal Quasi-Newton for Computationally Intensive L1-regularized M-estimators.	2014	computationally intensive l1-regularized m-estimators	proximal quasi-newton
	Sparse Linear Programming via Primal and Dual Augmented Coordinate Descent.	2015	dual augmented coordinate descent	sparse linear programming
	Dual Decomposed Learning with Factorwise Oracle for Structural SVM of Large Output Domain.	2016	large output domain	dual decomposed learning	factorwise oracle	structural svm

Maria Silvia Pini	Francesca Rossi	Kristen Brent Venable	Toby Walsh
	Incompleteness and Incomparability in Preference Aggregation.	2007	preference aggregation
	Winner Determination in Sequential Majority Voting.	2007	sequential majority voting	winner determination
	Dealing with Incomplete Agents' Preferences and an Uncertain Agenda in Group Decision Making via Sequential Majority Voting.	2008	sequential majority voting	group decision making	uncertain agenda	incomplete agents

Luchen Tan	Adam Roegiest	Charles L. A. Clarke	Jimmy J. Lin
	Simple Dynamic Emission Strategies for Microblog Filtering.	2016	simple dynamic emission strategies	microblog filtering
	A Platform for Streaming Push Notifications to Mobile Assessors.	2016	streaming push notifications	mobile assessors
	An Exploration of Evaluation Metrics for Mobile Push Notifications.	2016	mobile push notifications	evaluation metrics

Alkhazur Manakov	Ilya Reshetouski	Ivo Ihrke	Hans-Peter Seidel
	Three-dimensional kaleidoscopic imaging.	2011	three-dimensional kaleidoscopic imaging
	A kaleidoscopic approach to surround geometry and reflectance acquisition.	2012	reflectance acquisition	kaleidoscopic approach	surround geometry
	Discovering the Structure of a Planar Mirror System from Multiple Observations of a Single Point.	2013	planar mirror system	single point	multiple observations

Jun Xiao 0001	Xi Li 0001	Fei Wu 0001	Yueting Zhuang
	Metric Learning Driven Multi-Task Structured Output Optimization for Robust Keypoint Tracking.	2015	metric learning driven multi-task structured output optimization	robust keypoint tracking
	Self-Paced Boost Learning for Classification.	2016	self-paced boost learning
	Diverse Image Captioning via GroupTalk.	2016	diverse image captioning

Adam Fleisher	Teresa Wu	Shuai Huang	Kewei Chen	Eric Reiman	Jing Li	Jieping Ye
	Learning Brain Connectivity of Alzheimer's Disease from Neuroimaging Data.	2009	learning brain connectivity	neuroimaging data
	Brain effective connectivity modeling for alzheimer's disease by sparse gaussian bayesian network.	2011	brain effective connectivity modeling	sparse gaussian bayesian network
	Identifying Alzheimer's Disease-Related Brain Regions from Multi-Modality Neuroimaging Data using Sparse Composite Linear Discrimination Analysis.	2011	sparse composite linear discrimination analysis	disease-related brain regions	multi-modality neuroimaging data	identifying alzheimer

Salman Hameed Khan	Roberto Togneri	Ferdous Ahmed Sohel	Mohammed Bennamoun
	Automatic Feature Learning for Robust Shadow Detection.	2014	robust shadow detection	automatic feature learning
	Separating objects and clutter in indoor scenes.	2015	separating objects	indoor scenes
	Learning deep structured network for weakly supervised change detection.	2017	weakly supervised change detection	learning deep structured network

Yusheng Xie	Zhengzhang Chen	Ankit Agrawal	Alok N. Choudhary
	Forecast Oriented Classification of Spatio-Temporal Extreme Events.	2013	spatio-temporal extreme events	forecast oriented classification
	JobMiner: a real-time system for mining job-related patterns from social media.	2013	mining job-related patterns	social media	real-time system
	Distinguish Polarity in Bag-of-Words Visualization.	2017	distinguish polarity	bag-of-words visualization

Yusheng Xie	Ankit Agrawal	Alok N. Choudhary	Yu Cheng
	Sentiment identification by incorporating syntax, semantics and context information.	2012	context information	sentiment identification	incorporating syntax
	VOXSUP: a social engagement framework.	2012	social engagement framework
	Forecast Oriented Classification of Spatio-Temporal Extreme Events.	2013	spatio-temporal extreme events	forecast oriented classification
	JobMiner: a real-time system for mining job-related patterns from social media.	2013	mining job-related patterns	social media	real-time system

Arjun Jain	Leonid Pishchulin	Mykhaylo Andriluka	Bernt Schiele
	Learning people detection models from few training samples.	2011	learning people detection models	training samples
	Articulated people detection and pose estimation: Reshaping the future.	2012	articulated people detection	pose estimation
	Efficient ConvNet-based marker-less motion capture in general scenes with a low number of cameras.	2015	efficient convnet-based marker-	motion capture	low number	general scenes

Paul Stursberg	Serge Gaspers	Nicholas Mattei	Haris Aziz 0001	Toby Walsh
	Fixing a Balanced Knockout Tournament.	2014	balanced knockout tournament
	Interdependent Scheduling Games.	2016	interdependent scheduling games

Arkadii Slinko	Nimrod Talmon	Piotr Skowron	Piotr Faliszewski
	Committee Scoring Rules: Axiomatic Classification and Hierarchy.	2016	committee scoring rules	axiomatic classification
	Multiwinner Rules on Paths From k-Borda to Chamberlin-Courant.	2017	multiwinner rules
	What Do Multiwinner Voting Rules Do? An Experiment Over the Two-Dimensional Euclidean Domain.	2017	two-dimensional euclidean domain	multiwinner voting rules

Liz Sonenberg	Paolo Felli	Tim Miller	Adrian R. Pearce	Christian J. Muise
	Planning Over Multi-Agent Epistemic States: A Classical Planning Approach.	2015	multi-agent epistemic states	classical planning approach
	Computing Social Behaviours Using Agent Models.	2015	computing social behaviours	agent models
	'Knowing Whether' in Proper Epistemic Knowledge Bases.	2016	proper epistemic knowledge bases
	Planning for a Single Agent in a Multi-Agent Environment Using FOND.	2016	multi-agent environment	single agent

Honghui Shi	Ding Liu	Zhangyang Wang	Thomas S. Huang
	Epitomic Image Super-Resolution.	2016	epitomic image super-resolution
	Balanced Two-Stage Residual Networks for Image Super-Resolution.	2017	balanced two-stage residual networks	image super-resolution
	NTIRE 2017 Challenge on Single Image Super-Resolution: Methods and Results.	2017	single image super-resolution	ntire 2017 challenge

Yingzhen Yang	Zhangyang Wang	Shiyu Chang	Thomas S. Huang
	Data Clustering by Laplacian Regularized L1-Graph.	2014	laplacian regularized l1-graph	data clustering
	A Joint Optimization Framework of Sparse Coding and Discriminative Clustering.	2015	joint optimization framework	discriminative clustering	sparse coding
	Self-tuned deep super resolution.	2015	self-tuned deep super resolution
	Studying Very Low Resolution Recognition Using Deep Networks.	2016	low resolution recognition	deep networks
	Learning A Deep ℓ∞ Encoder for Hashing.	2016	deep ℓ∞ encoder
	Epitomic Image Super-Resolution.	2016	epitomic image super-resolution
	D3: Deep Dual-Domain Based Fast Restoration of JPEG-Compressed Images.	2016	deep dual-domain based fast restoration	jpeg-compressed images

Yan Duan	Rein Houthooft	John Schulman	Pieter Abbeel	Xi Chen
	VIME: Variational Information Maximizing Exploration.	2016	variational information maximizing exploration
	InfoGAN: Interpretable Representation Learning by Information Maximizing Generative Adversarial Nets.	2016	information maximizing generative adversarial nets	interpretable representation learning
	#Exploration: A Study of Count-Based Exploration for Deep Reinforcement Learning.	2017	deep reinforcement learning

Guni Sharon	Roni Stern	Ariel Felner	Nathan R. Sturtevant
	Partial-Expansion A* with Selective Node Generation.	2012	selective node generation
	Conflict-Based Search For Optimal Multi-Agent Path Finding.	2012	optimal multi-agent path finding	conflict-based search
	Partial Domain Search Tree For Constraint-Satisfaction Problems.	2013	partial domain search tree	constraint-satisfaction problems

Jin Kyu Kim	Seunghak Lee	Qirong Ho	Eric P. Xing
	More Effective Distributed ML via a Stale Synchronous Parallel Parameter Server.	2013	stale synchronous parallel parameter server	effective distributed ml
	On Model Parallelization and Scheduling Strategies for Distributed Machine Learning.	2014	distributed machine learning	scheduling strategies	model parallelization
	Petuum: A New Platform for Distributed Machine Learning on Big Data.	2015	distributed machine learning	big data

Mingli Song	Xiao Liu	Chun Chen	Jiajun Bu
	Semi-supervised Node Splitting for Random Forest Construction.	2013	semi-supervised node splitting	random forest construction
	Probabilistic Graphlet Cut: Exploiting Spatial Structure Cue for Weakly Supervised Image Segmentation.	2013	exploiting spatial structure cue	weakly supervised image segmentation	probabilistic graphlet cut
	Semi-supervised Coupled Dictionary Learning for Person Re-identification.	2014	semi-supervised coupled dictionary learning	person re-identification
	Weakly Supervised Multiclass Video Segmentation.	2014	weakly supervised multiclass video segmentation

Mingli Song	Xiao Liu	Chun Chen	Jiajun Bu	Dacheng Tao
	Semi-supervised Node Splitting for Random Forest Construction.	2013	semi-supervised node splitting	random forest construction
	Weakly Supervised Multiclass Video Segmentation.	2014	weakly supervised multiclass video segmentation
	Semi-supervised Coupled Dictionary Learning for Person Re-identification.	2014	semi-supervised coupled dictionary learning	person re-identification

Wiktor Mateusz Piotrowski	Fabio Mercorio	Daniele Magazzeni	Maria Fox	Derek Long
	Heuristic Planning for PDDL+ Domains.	2016	heuristic planning	pddl+ domains
	Heuristic Planning for Hybrid Systems.	2016	heuristic planning	hybrid systems

Mihalis A. Nicolaou	Irene Kotsia	Guoying Zhao	Stefanos Zafeiriou
	Facial Affect "In-the-Wild": A Survey and a New Database.	2016	facial affect
	Aff-Wild: Valence and Arousal 'In-the-Wild' Challenge.	2017	arousal
	Recognition of Affect in the Wild Using Deep Neural Networks.	2017	deep neural networks

Nadia Magnenat-Thalmann	Quan Yuan	Aixin Sun	Gao Cong
	Category hierarchy maintenance: a data-driven approach.	2012	category hierarchy maintenance	data-driven approach
	Time-aware point-of-interest recommendation.	2013	time-aware point-of-interest recommendation
	Who, where, when and what: discover spatio-temporal topics for twitter users.	2013	discover spatio-temporal topics	twitter users

Aswin Raghavan	Roni Khardon	Prasad Tadepalli	Alan Fern
	Planning in Factored Action Spaces with Symbolic Dynamic Programming.	2012	symbolic dynamic programming	factored action spaces
	Symbolic Opportunistic Policy Iteration for Factored-Action MDPs.	2013	symbolic opportunistic policy iteration	factored-action mdps
	Relational Markov Decision Processes: Promise and Prospects.	2013	relational markov decision processes
	Hindsight Optimization for Hybrid State and Action MDPs.	2017	hybrid state	action mdps	hindsight optimization

Zhen Zuo	Bing Wang 0003	Bing Shuai	Gang Wang 0012
	Integrating parametric and non-parametric models for scene labeling.	2015	scene labeling	non-parametric models	integrating parametric
	Convolutional recurrent neural networks: Learning spatial dependencies for image representation.	2015	convolutional recurrent neural networks	learning spatial dependencies	image representation
	DAG-Recurrent Neural Networks for Scene Labeling.	2016	dag-recurrent neural networks	scene labeling
	Joint Learning of Convolutional Neural Networks and Temporally Constrained Metrics for Tracklet Association.	2016	temporally constrained metrics	convolutional neural networks	tracklet association	joint learning

Bin Xu 0005	Chun Chen	Jiajun Bu	Deng Cai
	Efficient manifold ranking for image retrieval.	2011	efficient manifold ranking	image retrieval
	A Bregman Divergence Optimization Framework for Ranking on Data Manifold and Its New Extensions.	2012	bregman divergence optimization framework	data manifold
	Harmonious Hashing.	2013	harmonious hashing

Kunpeng Zhang	Yusheng Xie	Ankit Agrawal	Alok N. Choudhary	Yu Cheng
	Sentiment identification by incorporating syntax, semantics and context information.	2012	context information	sentiment identification	incorporating syntax
	VOXSUP: a social engagement framework.	2012	social engagement framework
	Forecast Oriented Classification of Spatio-Temporal Extreme Events.	2013	spatio-temporal extreme events	forecast oriented classification

Xinggang Wang	Wenyu Liu	Xiang Bai	Longin Jan Latecki
	Maximal Cliques that Satisfy Hard Constraints with Application to Deformable Object Model Learning.	2011	deformable object model learning	satisfy hard constraints	maximal cliques
	Feature context for image classification and object detection.	2011	feature context	image classification	object detection
	Fan Shape Model for object detection.	2012	fan shape model	object detection

Yingce Xia	Nenghai Yu	Tao Qin	Tie-Yan Liu
	Incentivizing High-Quality Content from Heterogeneous Users: On the Existence of Nash Equilibrium.	2014	incentivizing high-quality content	heterogeneous users	nash equilibrium
	Thompson Sampling for Budgeted Multi-Armed Bandits.	2015	budgeted multi-armed bandits	thompson sampling
	Dual Learning for Machine Translation.	2016	dual learning	machine translation
	Budgeted Multi-Armed Bandits with Multiple Plays.	2016	budgeted multi-armed bandits	multiple plays
	Deliberation Networks: Sequence Generation Beyond One-Pass Decoding.	2017	one-pass decoding	sequence generation	deliberation networks
	Dual Inference for Machine Learning.	2017	dual inference	machine learning

Jun Xu	Yanyan Lan	Jiafeng Guo	Xueqi Cheng
	Learning Hierarchical Representation Model for NextBasket Recommendation.	2015	learning hierarchical representation model	nextbasket recommendation
	Learning Maximal Marginal Relevance Model via Directly Optimizing Diversity Evaluation Measures.	2015	learning maximal marginal relevance model	directly optimizing diversity evaluation measures
	A Probabilistic Model for Bursty Topic Discovery in Microblogs.	2015	bursty topic discovery	probabilistic model
	Modeling Document Novelty with Neural Tensor Network for Search Result Diversification.	2016	modeling document novelty	search result diversification	neural tensor network
	Match-SRNN: Modeling the Recursive Matching Structure with Spatial RNN.	2016	recursive matching structure	spatial rnn
	SPAN: Understanding a Question with Its Support Answers.	2016	support answers
	Inside Out: Two Jointly Predictive Models for Word Representations and Phrase Representations.	2016	jointly predictive models	word representations	phrase representations
	Sparse Word Embeddings Using ℓ1 Regularized Online Learning.	2016	sparse word embeddings	ℓ1 regularized online learning
	A Deep Architecture for Semantic Matching with Multiple Positional Sentence Representations.	2016	multiple positional sentence representations	semantic matching	deep architecture
	Text Matching as Image Recognition.	2016	text matching	image recognition
	Reinforcement Learning to Rank with Markov Decision Process.	2017	markov decision process	reinforcement learning
	Adapting Markov Decision Process for Search Result Diversification.	2017	adapting markov decision process	search result diversification

Yiming Ma	Liang Zhang	Bee-Chung Chen	Deepak Agarwal
	Activity ranking in LinkedIn feed.	2014	activity ranking	linkedin feed
	Personalizing LinkedIn Feed.	2015	personalizing linkedin feed
	GLMix: Generalized Linear Mixed Models For Large-Scale Response Prediction.	2016	generalized linear mixed models	large-scale response prediction

Yunchen Pu	Ricardo Henao	Chunyuan Li	Lawrence Carin
	Variational Autoencoder for Deep Learning of Images, Labels and Captions.	2016	variational autoencoder	deep learning
	ALICE: Towards Understanding Adversarial Learning for Joint Distribution Matching.	2017	joint distribution matching	understanding adversarial learning
	Adversarial Symmetric Variational Autoencoder.	2017	adversarial symmetric variational autoencoder
	VAE Learning via Stein Variational Gradient Descent.	2017	stein variational gradient descent	vae learning

Yunchen Pu	Zhe Gan	Ricardo Henao	Chunyuan Li	Lawrence Carin
	Variational Autoencoder for Deep Learning of Images, Labels and Captions.	2016	variational autoencoder	deep learning
	Adversarial Symmetric Variational Autoencoder.	2017	adversarial symmetric variational autoencoder
	VAE Learning via Stein Variational Gradient Descent.	2017	stein variational gradient descent	vae learning

Yunchen Pu	Zhe Gan	Chunyuan Li	Lawrence Carin
	Learning Weight Uncertainty with Stochastic Gradient MCMC for Shape Classification.	2016	learning weight uncertainty	stochastic gradient mcmc	shape classification
	Variational Autoencoder for Deep Learning of Images, Labels and Captions.	2016	variational autoencoder	deep learning
	Triangle Generative Adversarial Networks.	2017	triangle generative adversarial networks
	Adversarial Symmetric Variational Autoencoder.	2017	adversarial symmetric variational autoencoder
	VAE Learning via Stein Variational Gradient Descent.	2017	stein variational gradient descent	vae learning

Jaime Arredondo	Graham Katz	David Mares	Sathappan Muthiah	Naren Ramakrishnan
	'Beating the news' with EMBERS: forecasting civil unrest using open source indicators.	2014	forecasting civil unrest	open source indicators
	Planned Protest Modeling in News and Social Media.	2015	planned protest modeling	social media
	EMBERS at 4 years: Experiences operating an Open Source Indicators Forecasting System.	2016	open source indicators forecasting system	experiences operating

Miaomiao Li	En Zhu	Jianping Yin	Yong Dou	Xinwang Liu
	Multiple Kernel Clustering with Local Kernel Alignment Maximization.	2016	local kernel alignment maximization	multiple kernel clustering
	Multiple Kernel k-Means with Incomplete Kernels.	2017	multiple kernel k-means	incomplete kernels
	Optimal Neighborhood Kernel Clustering with Multiple Kernels.	2017	optimal neighborhood kernel clustering	multiple kernels

Yexi Jiang	Chunqiu Zeng	Lei Li 0001	Tao Li 0001
	FIU-Miner: a fast, integrated, and user-friendly system for data mining in distributed environment.	2013	user-friendly system	data mining	distributed environment
	Applying data mining techniques to address critical process optimization needs in advanced manufacturing.	2014	applying data mining techniques	address critical process optimization	advanced manufacturing
	Personalized Recommendation via Parameter-Free Contextual Bandits.	2015	parameter-free contextual bandits	personalized recommendation

Yexi Jiang	Wubai Zhou	Chunqiu Zeng	Tao Li 0001
	FIU-Miner: a fast, integrated, and user-friendly system for data mining in distributed environment.	2013	user-friendly system	data mining	distributed environment
	Applying data mining techniques to address critical process optimization needs in advanced manufacturing.	2014	applying data mining techniques	address critical process optimization	advanced manufacturing
	FLAP: An End-to-End Event Log Analysis Platform for System Management.	2017	end-to-end event log analysis platform	system management

Mingdong Ou	Wenwu Zhu 0001	Peng Cui	Jun Wang	Fei Wang 0001
	Comparing apples to oranges: a scalable solution with heterogeneous hashing.	2013	scalable solution	heterogeneous hashing	comparing apples
	Non-transitive Hashing with Latent Similarity Components.	2015	latent similarity components	non-transitive hashing
	Probabilistic Attributed Hashing.	2015	probabilistic attributed hashing

Can Wang	Lijun Zhang 0005	Chun Chen	Jiajun Bu
	Modeling Dynamic Multi-Topic Discussions in Online Forums.	2010	modeling dynamic multi-topic discussions	online forums
	G-Optimal Design with Laplacian Regularization.	2010	g-optimal design	laplacian regularization
	Document Summarization Based on Data Reconstruction.	2012	document summarization based	data reconstruction

En Zhu	Jianping Yin	Yong Dou	Xinwang Liu
	Multiple Kernel k-Means Clustering with Matrix-Induced Regularization.	2016	multiple kernel k-means clustering	matrix-induced regularization
	Multiple Kernel Clustering with Local Kernel Alignment Maximization.	2016	local kernel alignment maximization	multiple kernel clustering
	Multiple Kernel k-Means with Incomplete Kernels.	2017	multiple kernel k-means	incomplete kernels
	Optimal Neighborhood Kernel Clustering with Multiple Kernels.	2017	optimal neighborhood kernel clustering	multiple kernels

En Zhu	Jianping Yin	Yong Dou	Xinwang Liu	Lei Wang 0001
	Multiple Kernel k-Means Clustering with Matrix-Induced Regularization.	2016	multiple kernel k-means clustering	matrix-induced regularization
	Multiple Kernel Clustering with Local Kernel Alignment Maximization.	2016	local kernel alignment maximization	multiple kernel clustering
	Multiple Kernel k-Means with Incomplete Kernels.	2017	multiple kernel k-means	incomplete kernels

Yinpeng Dong	Hang Su	Bo Zhang	Jun Zhu
	Crowd Scene Understanding with Coherent Recurrent Neural Networks.	2016	coherent recurrent neural networks	crowd scene understanding
	Forecast the Plausible Paths in Crowd Scenes.	2017	crowd scenes	plausible paths
	Improving Interpretability of Deep Neural Networks with Semantic Information.	2017	deep neural networks	semantic information	improving interpretability

William E. Walsh	Craig Boutilier	David C. Parkes	Tuomas Sandholm
	Computing Reserve Prices and Identifying the Value Distribution in Real-world Auctions with Market Disruptions.	2008	computing reserve prices	real-world auctions	market disruptions
	Expressive Banner Ad Auctions and Model-Based Online Optimization for Clearing.	2008	expressive banner ad auctions	model-based online optimization
	Automated Channel Abstraction for Advertising Auctions.	2010	automated channel abstraction	advertising auctions

Dan Xu	Elisa Ricci	Nicu Sebe	Wanli Ouyang	Xiaogang Wang
	Learning Deep Structured Multi-Scale Features using Attention-Gated CRFs for Contour Prediction.	2017	learning deep structured multi-scale features	attention-gated crfs	contour prediction
	Learning Cross-Modal Deep Representations for Robust Pedestrian Detection.	2017	learning cross-modal deep representations	robust pedestrian detection
	Multi-scale Continuous CRFs as Sequential Deep Networks for Monocular Depth Estimation.	2017	multi-scale continuous crfs	monocular depth estimation	sequential deep networks

Haoxiang Li	Jonathan Brandt	Zhe Lin 0001	Xiaohui Shen	Gang Hua
	Efficient Boosted Exemplar-Based Face Detection.	2014	efficient boosted exemplar-based face detection
	A convolutional neural network cascade for face detection.	2015	convolutional neural network cascade	face detection
	A Multi-level Contextual Model for Person Recognition in Photo Albums.	2016	multi-level contextual model	photo albums	person recognition

Haoxiang Li	Jonathan Brandt	Zhe Lin 0001	Gang Hua
	Probabilistic Elastic Matching for Pose Variant Face Verification.	2013	pose variant face verification	probabilistic elastic matching
	Efficient Boosted Exemplar-Based Face Detection.	2014	efficient boosted exemplar-based face detection
	A convolutional neural network cascade for face detection.	2015	convolutional neural network cascade	face detection
	A Multi-level Contextual Model for Person Recognition in Photo Albums.	2016	multi-level contextual model	photo albums	person recognition

Zhiqi Shen	Cyril Leung	Han Yu	Chunyan Miao
	Efficient Task Sub-Delegation for Crowdsourcing.	2015	efficient task sub-delegation
	Infusing Human Factors into Algorithmic Crowdsourcing.	2016	infusing human factors	algorithmic crowdsourcing
	Productive Aging through Intelligent Personalized Crowdsourcing.	2016	intelligent personalized crowdsourcing	productive aging

Qiang Hao	Yanwei Pang	Rui Cai	Lei Zhang 0001
	From one tree to a forest: a unified solution for structured web data extraction.	2011	structured web data extraction	unified solution
	3D visual phrases for landmark recognition.	2012	3d visual phrases	landmark recognition
	Efficient 2D-to-3D Correspondence Filtering for Scalable 3D Object Recognition.	2013	scalable 3d object recognition	efficient 2d-to-3d correspondence filtering

Seyed Hamid Rezatofighi	Anton Milan	Anthony R. Dick	Ian D. Reid 0001
	Joint Probabilistic Matching Using m-Best Solutions.	2016	joint probabilistic matching
	Data-Driven Approximations to NP-Hard Problems.	2017	data-driven approximations	np-hard problems
	Online Multi-Target Tracking Using Recurrent Neural Networks.	2017	online multi-target tracking	recurrent neural networks

Qiang Liu 0006	Shu Wu	Liang Wang 0001	Tieniu Tan
	Predicting the Next Location: A Recurrent Model with Spatial and Temporal Contexts.	2016	recurrent model	temporal contexts
	SAPE: A System for Situation-Aware Public Security Evaluation.	2016	situation-aware public security evaluation
	Information Credibility Evaluation on Social Media.	2016	information credibility evaluation	social media
	A Dynamic Recurrent Model for Next Basket Recommendation.	2016	dynamic recurrent model	basket recommendation
	A Convolutional Approach for Misinformation Identification.	2017	misinformation identification	convolutional approach

Michael K. Schwartz	Kevin S. McKelvey	Claire A. Montgomery	Carla P. Gomes
	The Steiner Multigraph Problem: Wildlife Corridor Design for Multiple Species.	2011	steiner multigraph problem	wildlife corridor design	multiple species
	Large Landscape Conservation - Synthetic and Real-World Datasets.	2013	large landscape conservation	real-world datasets
	Robust Network Design For Multispecies Conservation.	2013	robust network design	multispecies conservation

Chenguang Wang	Ming Zhang 0004	Yangqiu Song	Jiawei Han 0001
	Constrained Information-Theoretic Tripartite Graph Clustering to Identify Semantically Similar Relations.	2015	constrained information-theoretic tripartite graph clustering	identify semantically similar relations
	Incorporating World Knowledge to Document Clustering via Heterogeneous Information Networks.	2015	heterogeneous information networks	incorporating world knowledge	document clustering
	Text Classification with Heterogeneous Information Network Kernels.	2016	heterogeneous information network kernels	text classification

Nihit Desai	Marina Danilevsky	Chi Wang 0001	Jiawei Han 0001
	AMETHYST: a system for mining and exploring topical hierarchies of heterogeneous data.	2013	exploring topical hierarchies	heterogeneous data
	A phrase mining framework for recursive construction of a topical hierarchy.	2013	phrase mining framework	topical hierarchy	recursive construction
	EventCube: multi-dimensional search and mining of structured and text data.	2013	multi-dimensional search	text data

Wen Sun	Arun Venkatraman	Byron Boots	Martial Hebert
	Online Instrumental Variable Regression with Applications to Online Linear System Identification.	2016	online linear system identification	online instrumental variable regression
	Inference Machines for Nonparametric Filter Learning.	2016	nonparametric filter learning	inference machines
	Predictive-State Decoders: Encoding the Future into Recurrent Networks.	2017	recurrent networks	predictive-state decoders

Krishna V. Shenoy	Byron M. Yu	John P. Cunningham	Maneesh Sahani
	Inferring Neural Firing Rates from Spike Trains Using Gaussian Processes.	2007	inferring neural firing rates	gaussian processes	spike trains
	Gaussian-process factor analysis for low-dimensional single-trial analysis of neural population activity.	2008	low-dimensional single-trial analysis	gaussian-process factor analysis	neural population activity
	Empirical models of spiking in neural populations.	2011	empirical models	neural populations
	Dynamical segmentation of single trials from population neural data.	2011	population neural data	dynamical segmentation	single trials

Roozbeh Mottaghi	Sanja Fidler	Alan L. Yuille	Raquel Urtasun
	Bottom-Up Segmentation for Top-Down Detection.	2013	detection
	The Role of Context for Object Detection and Semantic Segmentation in the Wild.	2014	object detection	semantic segmentation
	Detect What You Can: Detecting and Representing Objects Using Holistic Models and Body Parts.	2014	representing objects	body parts	holistic models

Bojan Pepik	Michael Stark 0003	Peter V. Gehler	Bernt Schiele
	Teaching 3D geometry to deformable part models.	2012	deformable part models	teaching 3d geometry
	Occlusion Patterns for Object Class Detection.	2013	object class detection	occlusion patterns
	3D object class detection in the wild.	2015	3d object class detection

Panagiotis Koutsourakis	Olivier Teboul	Loïc Simon	Nikos Paragios
	Segmentation of building facades using procedural shape priors.	2010	procedural shape priors	building facades
	Shape grammar parsing via Reinforcement Learning.	2011	shape grammar parsing	reinforcement learning
	Parameter-free/Pareto-driven procedural 3D reconstruction of buildings from ground-level sequences.	2012	parameter-free/pareto-driven procedural 3d reconstruction	ground-level sequences

Eleanor G. Rieffel	Davide Venturelli	Jeremy Frank	Minh Do
	Parametrized Families of Hard Planning Problems from Phase Transitions.	2014	hard planning problems	phase transitions	parametrized families
	Explorations of Quantum-Classical Approaches to Scheduling a Mars Lander Activity Problem.	2016	mars lander activity problem	quantum-classical approaches
	Temporal Planning for Compilation of Quantum Approximate Optimization Circuits.	2017	quantum approximate optimization circuits	temporal planning

Domenico Lembo	Maurizio Lenzerini	Riccardo Rosati	Diego Calvanese	Giuseppe De Giacomo
	EQL-Lite: Effective First-Order Query Processing in Description Logics.	2007	effective first-order query processing	description logics
	Path-Based Identification Constraints in Description Logics.	2008	path-based identification constraints	description logics
	Data Complexity of Query Answering in Description Logics (Extended Abstract).	2015	query answering	extended abstract	description logics	data complexity

Xiaodan Liang	Xiaohui Shen	Liang Lin	Jiashi Feng	Shuicheng Yan
	Reversible Recursive Instance-Level Object Segmentation.	2016	reversible recursive instance-level object segmentation
	Semantic Object Parsing with Local-Global Long Short-Term Memory.	2016	local-global long short-term memory	semantic object parsing
	Interpretable Structure-Evolving LSTM.	2017	interpretable structure-evolving lstm

Xiaodan Liang	Xiaohui Shen	Liang Lin	Shuicheng Yan
	Matching-CNN meets KNN: Quasi-parametric human parsing.	2015	quasi-parametric human parsing	matching-cnn meets knn
	Reversible Recursive Instance-Level Object Segmentation.	2016	reversible recursive instance-level object segmentation
	Semantic Object Parsing with Local-Global Long Short-Term Memory.	2016	local-global long short-term memory	semantic object parsing
	Interpretable Structure-Evolving LSTM.	2017	interpretable structure-evolving lstm

Claudia V. Goldman	Zinovi Rabinovich	Amos Azaria	Sarit Kraus
	Strategic Information Disclosure to People with Multiple Alternatives.	2011	strategic information disclosure	multiple alternatives
	Strategic Advice Provision in Repeated Human-Agent Interactions (Abstract).	2012	strategic advice provision	repeated human-agent interactions
	Strategic Advice Provision in Repeated Human-Agent Interactions.	2012	strategic advice provision	repeated human-agent interactions

Ya'akov Gal	Claudia V. Goldman	Amos Azaria	Sarit Kraus
	Strategic Advice Provision in Repeated Human-Agent Interactions (Abstract).	2012	strategic advice provision	repeated human-agent interactions
	Strategic Advice Provision in Repeated Human-Agent Interactions.	2012	strategic advice provision	repeated human-agent interactions
	Advice Provision for Choice Selection Processes with Ranked Options.	2014	choice selection processes	advice provision	ranked options

Julian Straub	Trevor Campbell	Jonathan P. How	John W. Fisher III
	Streaming, Distributed Variational Inference for Bayesian Nonparametrics.	2015	distributed variational inference	bayesian nonparametrics
	Small-variance nonparametric clustering on the hypersphere.	2015	small-variance nonparametric clustering
	Efficient Global Point Cloud Alignment Using Bayesian Nonparametric Mixtures.	2017	efficient global point cloud alignment	bayesian nonparametric mixtures

Mark Hollenbeck	Elliot Meyerson	Alexander Braylan	Risto Miikkulainen
	On the Cross-Domain Reusability of Neural Modules for General Video Game Playing.	2015	general video game playing	cross-domain reusability	neural modules
	Frame Skip Is a Powerful Parameter for Learning to Play Atari.	2015	powerful parameter	frame skip	play atari
	Reuse of Neural Modules for General Video Game Playing.	2016	general video game playing	neural modules

Huan Wang	Thomas S. Huang	Xiaoou Tang	Shuicheng Yan
	Trace Ratio vs. Ratio Trace for Dimensionality Reduction.	2007	trace ratio	ratio trace	dimensionality reduction
	A Convengent Solution to Tensor Subspace Learning.	2007	tensor subspace learning	convengent solution
	Misalignment-robust face recognition.	2008	misalignment-robust face recognition

Siyu Tang	Bjoern Andres	Mykhaylo Andriluka	Bernt Schiele
	Subgraph decomposition for multi-target tracking.	2015	subgraph decomposition	multi-target tracking
	DeepCut: Joint Subset Partition and Labeling for Multi Person Pose Estimation.	2016	multi person pose estimation	joint subset partition
	Multiple People Tracking by Lifted Multicut and Person Re-identification.	2017	multiple people tracking	lifted multicut	person re-identification
	ArtTrack: Articulated Multi-Person Tracking in the Wild.	2017	articulated multi-person tracking

