Hyperequivalence of Logic Programs with Respect to Supported Models.
supported models	logic programs
TrustSVD: Collaborative Filtering with Both the Explicit and Implicit Influence of User Trust and of Item Ratings.
collaborative filtering	item ratings	implicit influence	user trust
Multiple Kernel k-Means Clustering with Matrix-Induced Regularization.
multiple kernel k-means clustering	matrix-induced regularization
Private and Third-Party Randomization in Risk-Sensitive Equilibrium Concepts.
risk-sensitive equilibrium concepts	third-party randomization
State Projection via AI Planning.
ai planning	state projection
Holographic Embeddings of Knowledge Graphs.
holographic embeddings	knowledge graphs
Robust Execution of Probabilistic Temporal Plans.
probabilistic temporal plans	robust execution
Aggregating Opinions to Design Energy-Efficient Buildings.
design energy-efficient buildings	aggregating opinions
Transmission Network Expansion Planning with Simulation Optimization.
transmission network expansion planning	simulation optimization
Approximate Counting by Sampling the Backtrack-free Search Space.
backtrack-free search space	approximate counting
Pruning Game Tree by Rollouts.
pruning game tree
Zero-Shot Recognition via Direct Classifier Learning with Transferred Samples and Pseudo Labels.
direct classifier learning	zero-shot recognition	transferred samples	pseudo labels
Risk Minimization in the Presence of Label Noise.
label noise	risk minimization
Advice Provision for Choice Selection Processes with Ranked Options.
choice selection processes	advice provision	ranked options
RQUERY: Rewriting Natural Language Queries on Knowledge Graphs to Alleviate the Vocabulary Mismatch Problem.
rewriting natural language queries	vocabulary mismatch problem	knowledge graphs
Trial-Based Dynamic Programming for Multi-Agent Planning.
trial-based dynamic programming	multi-agent planning
Probabilistic Attributed Hashing.
probabilistic attributed hashing
Time Complexity of Iterative-Deepening A*: The Informativeness Pathology (Abstract).
informativeness pathology	time complexity
Lock-Free Optimization for Non-Convex Problems.
lock-free optimization	non-convex problems
A Sparse Combined Regression-Classification Formulation for Learning a Physiological Alternative to Clinical Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Scores.
clinical post-traumatic stress disorder scores	sparse combined regression-classification formulation	physiological alternative
Partial Revelation Automated Mechanism Design.
partial revelation automated mechanism design
Propagating Ranking Functions on a Graph: Algorithms and Applications.
propagating ranking functions
Compact CFR.
compact cfr
Pragmatic Querying in Heterogeneous Knowledge Graphs.
heterogeneous knowledge graphs	pragmatic querying
Incorporating Domain-Independent Planning Heuristics in Hierarchical Planning.
incorporating domain-independent planning heuristics	hierarchical planning
EAAI-13 Preface.
eaai-13 preface
MOOCs Meet Measurement Theory: A Topic-Modelling Approach.
moocs meet measurement theory	topic-modelling approach
Robust Discrete Matrix Completion.
robust discrete matrix completion
A Generalization of Sleep Sets Based on Operator Sequence Redundancy.
operator sequence redundancy	sleep sets based
Decentralised Metacognition in Context-Aware Autonomic Systems: Some Key Challenges.
context-aware autonomic systems	key challenges	decentralised metacognition
Spatial Reference Resolution for an Embodied Dialogue Agent.
spatial reference resolution	embodied dialogue agent
Ontology Instance Linking: Towards Interlinked Knowledge Graphs.
interlinked knowledge graphs	ontology instance linking
A Framework for Integration of Logical and Probabilistic Knowledge.
probabilistic knowledge
Planning in Domains with Cost Function Dependent Actions.
cost function dependent actions
Concurrent Inference Graphs.
concurrent inference graphs
An Artificial Agent for Robust Image Registration.
robust image registration	artificial agent
Generating Useful Network-based Features for Analyzing Social Networks.
analyzing social networks	network-based features
Surprise-Triggered Reformulation of Design Goals.
surprise-triggered reformulation	design goals
Proposal of an Adaptive Service Providing System for a Multi-User Smart Home.
adaptive service providing system	multi-user smart home
False-Name-Proof Locations of Two Facilities: Economic and Algorithmic Approaches.
false-name-proof locations	algorithmic approaches
Optimal Manipulation of Voting Rules.
voting rules	optimal manipulation
Randomized Mechanisms for Selling Reserved Instances in Cloud Computing.
selling reserved instances	cloud computing	randomized mechanisms
Pay-As-You-Go OWL Query Answering Using a Triple Store.
owl query answering	triple store
Anytime Local Search for Distributed Constraint Optimization.
distributed constraint optimization	anytime local search
Touchless Telerobotic Surgery - Is It Possible at All?
touchless telerobotic surgery
Extraction and Visualization of Implicit Social Relations on Social Networking Services.
implicit social relations	social networking services
Efficient Multi-Stage Conjugate Gradient for Trust Region Step.
efficient multi-stage conjugate gradient	trust region step
On the Discovery and Utility of Precedence Constraints in Temporal Planning.
temporal planning	precedence constraints
Item Bidding for Combinatorial Public Projects.
combinatorial public projects	item bidding
Reconsidering Mutual Information Based Feature Selection: A Statistical Significance View.
reconsidering mutual information based feature selection	statistical significance view
Isometric Projection.
isometric projection
Application of Microsimulation Towards Modelling of Behaviours in Complex Environments.
complex environments
Symmetric Rendezvous in Planar Environments With and Without Obstacles.
planar environments	symmetric rendezvous
Associative Memory Using Dictionary Learning and Expander Decoding.
associative memory	dictionary learning	expander decoding
Querying Linked Ontological Data through Distributed Summarization.
querying linked ontological data	distributed summarization
Inferring a Personalized Next Point-of-Interest Recommendation Model with Latent Behavior Patterns.
point-of-interest recommendation model	latent behavior patterns
Community-Guided Learning: Exploiting Mobile Sensor Users to Model Human Behavior.
exploiting mobile sensor users	model human behavior	community-guided learning
A Parameterized Complexity Analysis of Generalized CP-Nets.
parameterized complexity analysis	generalized cp-nets
Fast Consistency Checking of Very Large Real-World RCC-8 Constraint Networks Using Graph Partitioning.
large real-world rcc-8 constraint networks	fast consistency checking	graph partitioning
Factorization Ranking Model for Move Prediction in the Game of Go.
factorization ranking model	move prediction
Discourse Relations Detection via a Mixed Generative-Discriminative Framework.
mixed generative-discriminative framework	discourse relations detection
Towards Efficient Dominant Relationship Exploration of the Product Items on the Web.
efficient dominant relationship exploration	product items
Reference Based LSTM for Image Captioning.
reference based lstm	image captioning
Decomposed Utility Functions and Graphical Models for Reasoning about Preferences.
decomposed utility functions	graphical models
What's Hot in Constraint Programming.
constraint programming
I See What You See: Inferring Sensor and Policy Models of Human Real-World Motor Behavior.
human real-world motor behavior	inferring sensor	policy models
Supervised Topic Model with Consideration of User and Item.
supervised topic model
Comparing Action-Query Strategies in Semi-Autonomous Agents.
comparing action-query strategies	semi-autonomous agents
Multitask Dyadic Prediction and Its Application in Prediction of Adverse Drug-Drug Interaction.
adverse drug-drug interaction	multitask dyadic prediction
Low-Rank Linear Cold-Start Recommendation from Social Data.
low-rank linear cold-start recommendation	social data
Computational Models of Natural Argument, Papers from the 2011 AAAI Workshop, San Francisco, California, USA, August 7, 2011
natural argument	san francisco	computational models	2011 aaai workshop
Clickthrough Log Analysis by Collaborative Ranking.
clickthrough log analysis	collaborative ranking
ARMOR Security for Los Angeles International Airport.
los angeles international airport	armor security
Extending the Knowledge Compilation Map: Krom, Horn, Affine and Beyond.
knowledge compilation map
Multi-View Correlated Feature Learning by Uncovering Shared Component.
multi-view correlated feature learning	uncovering shared component
TacTex'13: A Champion Adaptive Power Trading Agent.
champion adaptive power trading agent
Multi-Instance Dimensionality Reduction.
multi-instance dimensionality reduction
Awards.
awards
A Declarative Approach to Data-Driven Fact Checking.
data-driven fact checking	declarative approach
Universum Prescription: Regularization Using Unlabeled Data.
unlabeled data	universum prescription
MIDCA: A Metacognitive, Integrated Dual-Cycle Architecture for Self-Regulated Autonomy.
integrated dual-cycle architecture	self-regulated autonomy
Adaptive Ensemble Learning with Confidence Bounds for Personalized Diagnosis.
adaptive ensemble learning	confidence bounds	personalized diagnosis
A Reductive Semantics for Counting and Choice in Answer Set Programming.
answer set programming	reductive semantics
Partially Synchronized DEC-MDPs in Dynamic Mechanism Design.
dynamic mechanism design	partially synchronized dec-mdps
Examples-Rules Guided Deep Neural Network for Makeup Recommendation.
examples-rules guided deep neural network	makeup recommendation
Sparse Bayesian Multiview Learning for Simultaneous Association Discovery and Diagnosis of Alzheimer's Disease.
sparse bayesian multiview learning	simultaneous association discovery
Learning Compact Representations of Time-Varying Processes.
learning compact representations	time-varying processes
Agent-Human Coordination with Communication Costs Under Uncertainty.
agent-human coordination	communication costs
Developing a Language for Spoken Programming.
spoken programming
Maximum Causal Entropy Correlated Equilibria for Markov Games.
maximum causal entropy correlated equilibria	markov games
Single-Frontier Bidirectional Search.
single-frontier bidirectional search
Relational Markov Decision Processes: Promise and Prospects.
relational markov decision processes
Attention Based LSTM for Target Dependent Sentiment Classification.
target dependent sentiment classification	attention based lstm
Rank Ordering Constraints Elimination with Application for Kernel Learning.
rank ordering constraints elimination	kernel learning
Online Multi-Target Tracking Using Recurrent Neural Networks.
online multi-target tracking	recurrent neural networks
A New Computational Intelligence Model for Long-Term Prediction of Solar and Geomagnetic Activity.
computational intelligence model	long-term prediction	geomagnetic activity
LSDH: A Hashing Approach for Large-Scale Link Prediction in Microblogs.
large-scale link prediction	hashing approach
Mapping and Revising Markov Logic Networks for Transfer Learning.
revising markov logic networks	transfer learning
Confidence-Rated Discriminative Partial Label Learning.
confidence-rated discriminative partial label learning
Taxonomy of Pathways to Dangerous Artificial Intelligence.
dangerous artificial intelligence
Fast and Accurate Influence Maximization on Large Networks with Pruned Monte-Carlo Simulations.
pruned monte-carlo simulations	accurate influence maximization	large networks
Simultaneous Clustering and Ensemble.
simultaneous clustering
Understanding the Semantic Structures of Tables with a Hybrid Deep Neural Network Architecture.
hybrid deep neural network architecture	semantic structures
Transfer Learning via Dimensionality Reduction.
transfer learning	dimensionality reduction
Instance Specific Metric Subspace Learning: A Bayesian Approach.
instance specific metric subspace learning	bayesian approach
New Expressive Languages for Ontological Query Answering.
ontological query answering	expressive languages
Structural Learning with Amortized Inference.
structural learning	amortized inference
Reinstating Combinatorial Protections for Manipulation and Bribery in Single-Peaked and Nearly Single-Peaked Electorates.
reinstating combinatorial protections
Unsupervised Learning of Multi-Level Descriptors for Person Re-Identification.
multi-level descriptors	person re-identification	unsupervised learning
Building Contextual Anchor Text Representation using Graph Regularization.
building contextual anchor text representation	graph regularization
Efficient Hyperparameter Optimization for Deep Learning Algorithms Using Deterministic RBF Surrogates.
deterministic rbf surrogates	efficient hyperparameter optimization	deep learning algorithms
Using Partitions and Superstrings for Lossless Compression of Pattern Databases.
pattern databases	lossless compression
Organizers.
organizers
Search Performance of Multi-Agent Plan Recognition in a General Model.
multi-agent plan recognition	general model	search performance
Information Gathering and Reward Exploitation of Subgoals for POMDPs.
information gathering	reward exploitation
Pairwise Relationship Guided Deep Hashing for Cross-Modal Retrieval.
pairwise relationship guided deep hashing	cross-modal retrieval
Pairwise HITS: Quality Estimation from Pairwise Comparisons in Creator-Evaluator Crowdsourcing Process.
creator-evaluator crowdsourcing process	quality estimation	pairwise comparisons	pairwise hits
Dynamically Constructed (PO)MDPs for Adaptive Robot Planning.
adaptive robot planning	dynamically constructed
Controlling Elections by Replacing Candidates: Theoretical and Experimental Results.
replacing candidates	experimental results	controlling elections
HVAC-Aware Occupancy Scheduling (Extended Abstract).
hvac-aware occupancy scheduling	extended abstract
Automated Channel Abstraction for Advertising Auctions.
automated channel abstraction	advertising auctions
Computing Nash Equilibrium in Interdependent Defense Games.
interdependent defense games	computing nash equilibrium
Capturing Human Route Preferences From Track Information: New Results.
capturing human route preferences	track information
Scaling-Up Inference in Markov Logic.
markov logic
Time-Dependent Trajectory Regression on Road Networks via Multi-Task Learning.
time-dependent trajectory regression	multi-task learning	road networks
Blended Planning and Acting: Preliminary Approach, Research Challenges.
research challenges	preliminary approach	blended planning
Climate Prediction via Matrix Completion.
matrix completion	climate prediction
Optimal Graph Search with Iterated Graph Cuts.
optimal graph search	iterated graph cuts
Kernelized Bayesian Transfer Learning.
kernelized bayesian transfer learning
On the Minimum Differentially Resolving Set Problem for Diffusion Source Inference in Networks.
minimum differentially resolving set problem	diffusion source inference
SummaRuNNer: A Recurrent Neural Network Based Sequence Model for Extractive Summarization of Documents.
recurrent neural network based sequence model	extractive summarization
Online Spatio-Temporal Matching in Stochastic and Dynamic Domains.
online spatio-temporal matching	dynamic domains
Energy Usage Behavior Modeling in Energy Disaggregation via Marked Hawkes Process.
energy usage behavior modeling	marked hawkes process	energy disaggregation
Random-Radius Ball Method for Estimating Closeness Centrality.
estimating closeness centrality	random-radius ball method
Evolved Intrinsic Reward Functions for Reinforcement Learning.
evolved intrinsic reward functions	reinforcement learning
Tractable Probabilistic Knowledge Bases with Existence Uncertainty.
tractable probabilistic knowledge bases	existence uncertainty
The Semantic Interpretation of Trust in Multiagent Interactions.
semantic interpretation	multiagent interactions
On Parameter Tying by Quantization.
parameter tying
Mathematical Modeling and Convergence Analysis of Trail Formation.
mathematical modeling	convergence analysis	trail formation
A Context-Enriched Neural Network Method for Recognizing Lexical Entailment.
context-enriched neural network method	recognizing lexical entailment
The Linear Distance Traveling Tournament Problem.
linear distance traveling tournament problem
Improving Deep Reinforcement Learning with Knowledge Transfer.
improving deep reinforcement learning	knowledge transfer
The Symbolic Interior Point Method.
symbolic interior point method
Scientific Ranking over Heterogeneous Academic Hypernetwork.
heterogeneous academic hypernetwork	scientific ranking
Manifold Spanning Graphs.
manifold spanning graphs
Robust Winners and Winner Determination Policies under Candidate Uncertainty.
winner determination policies	robust winners	candidate uncertainty
Bayesian Matrix Factorization with Side Information and Dirichlet Process Mixtures.
bayesian matrix factorization	dirichlet process mixtures	side information
Reduce and Re-Lift: Bootstrapped Lifted Likelihood Maximization for MAP.
bootstrapped lifted likelihood maximization
Self-Modeling Agents and Reward Generator Corruption.
reward generator corruption	self-modeling agents
Planning with Multi-Valued Landmarks.
multi-valued landmarks
Bandits for Cybersecurity: Adaptive Intrusion Detection Using Honeypots.
adaptive intrusion detection
Pairwise Exemplar Clustering.
pairwise exemplar clustering
Relational Knowledge Transfer for Zero-Shot Learning.
relational knowledge transfer	zero-shot learning
Lifetime Lexical Variation in Social Media.
lifetime lexical variation	social media
Online Learning of Uneven Terrain for Humanoid Bipedal Walking.
humanoid bipedal walking	online learning	uneven terrain
Housing Markets with Indifferences: A Tale of Two Mechanisms.
housing markets
Semantic Representation.
semantic representation
1.6-Bit Pattern Databases.
6-bit pattern databases
Maximum Reconstruction Estimation for Generative Latent-Variable Models.
generative latent-variable models	maximum reconstruction estimation
A Trust Establishment Model in Multi-Agent Systems.
trust establishment model	multi-agent systems
Verbal IQ of a Four-Year Old Achieved by an AI System.
ai system	verbal iq
Natural Language Dialogue for Building and Learning Models and Structures.
natural language dialogue	learning models
Lazy Gaussian Process Committee for Real-Time Online Regression.
lazy gaussian process committee	real-time online regression
Social Emotion Classification via Reader Perspective Weighted Model.
reader perspective weighted model	social emotion classification
Solving a Stochastic Queueing Design and Control Problem with Constraint Programming.
stochastic queueing design	constraint programming	control problem
Reasoning about Cognitive Trust in Stochastic Multiagent Systems.
stochastic multiagent systems	cognitive trust
Discovering Hierarchical Structure for Sources and Entities.
discovering hierarchical structure
Kernel Regression with Order Preferences.
kernel regression	order preferences
Efficient Benchmarking of Hyperparameter Optimizers via Surrogates.
hyperparameter optimizers	efficient benchmarking
RADAR: A Personal Assistant that Learns to Reduce Email Overload.
reduce email overload	personal assistant
Stochastic Optimization for Collision Selection in High Energy Physics.
high energy physics	stochastic optimization	collision selection
JAG: A Crowdsourcing Framework for Joint Assessment and Peer Grading.
peer grading	joint assessment	crowdsourcing framework
Looking Beyond Text: Extracting Figures, Tables and Captions from Computer Science Papers.
computer science papers	extracting figures
Representation Transfer via Elaboration.
representation transfer
Languages for Learning and Mining.
languages
Compressed Least-Squares Regression on Sparse Spaces.
compressed least-squares regression	sparse spaces
TaGiTeD: Predictive Task Guided Tensor Decomposition for Representation Learning from Electronic Health Records.
predictive task guided tensor decomposition	electronic health records	representation learning
Leveraging Ontologies to Improve Model Generalization Automatically with Online Data Sources.
improve model generalization automatically	online data sources	leveraging ontologies
Decision-Theoretic Control of Crowd-Sourced Workflows.
decision-theoretic control	crowd-sourced workflows
Monitoring Discussion of Vaccine Adverse Events in the Media: Opportunities from the Vaccine Sentimeter.
vaccine adverse events	vaccine sentimeter	monitoring discussion
Pathological Effects of Variance on Classification-Based Policy Iteration.
classification-based policy iteration	pathological effects
Random Mixed Field Model for Mixed-Attribute Data Restoration.
random mixed field model	mixed-attribute data restoration
Actionable Combined High Utility Itemset Mining.
actionable combined high utility itemset mining
Symbol Acquisition for Task-Level Planning.
task-level planning	symbol acquisition
Mining Web Query Hierarchies from Clickthrough Data.
mining web query hierarchies	clickthrough data
Design of an Online Course on Knowledge-Based AI.
knowledge-based ai
Solving High-Dimensional Multi-Objective Optimization Problems with Low Effective Dimensions.
solving high-dimensional multi-objective optimization problems	low effective dimensions
Subset Minimization in Dynamic Programming on Tree Decompositions.
dynamic programming	tree decompositions	subset minimization
Efficiently Eliciting Preferences from a Group of Users.
efficiently eliciting preferences
Communication Lower Bounds for Distributed Convex Optimization: Partition Data on Features.
communication lower bounds	distributed convex optimization	partition data
Planning Over Multi-Agent Epistemic States: A Classical Planning Approach.
multi-agent epistemic states	classical planning approach
Fast Online Incremental Learning on Mixture Streaming Data.
fast online incremental learning	mixture streaming data
Active Search for Sparse Signals with Region Sensing.
sparse signals	region sensing	active search
Efficient Non-Oblivious Randomized Reduction for Risk Minimization with Improved Excess Risk Guarantee.
efficient non-oblivious randomized reduction	improved excess risk guarantee	risk minimization
Steps Towards a Science of Heuristic Search.
heuristic search
The Computational Complexity of Weighted Greedy Matching.
weighted greedy matching	computational complexity
On-Line Case-Based Plan Adaptation for Real-Time Strategy Games.
on-line case-based plan adaptation	real-time strategy games
Multiclass Capped ℓp-Norm SVM for Robust Classifications.
multiclass capped ℓp-norm svm	robust classifications
Exploring Social Context for Topic Identification in Short and Noisy Texts.
exploring social context	noisy texts	topic identification
Artificial Intelligence Applied to Assistive Technologies and Smart Environments, Papers from the 2015 AAAI Workshop, Austin, Texas, USA, January 25, 2015.
artificial intelligence applied	2015 aaai workshop	smart environments	assistive technologies
Automatic Generation of Alternative Starting Positions for Simple Traditional Board Games.
simple traditional board games	alternative starting positions	automatic generation
What's Hot in Crowdsourcing and Human Computation.
human computation
Learning the Structure of Probabilistic Graphical Models with an Extended Cascading Indian Buffet Process.
extended cascading indian buffet process	probabilistic graphical models
Scalable Algorithms for Tractable Schatten Quasi-Norm Minimization.
tractable schatten quasi-norm minimization	scalable algorithms
Lightweight Adaptation in Model-Based Reinforcement Learning.
model-based reinforcement learning	lightweight adaptation
Polynomially Bounded Logic Programs with Function Symbols: A New Decidable.
polynomially bounded logic programs	function symbols
Multiple-Instance Learning: Multiple Feature Selection on Instance Representation.
multiple feature selection	instance representation	multiple-instance learning
Covering Landmark Interactions for Semantically Diverse Plans.
covering landmark interactions	semantically diverse plans
Modeling Bounded Rationality of Agents During Interactions.
modeling bounded rationality
Closing the Gap Between Short and Long XORs for Model Counting.
model counting	long xors
Adaptive Advice in Automobile Climate Control Systems.
automobile climate control systems	adaptive advice
Bidding Strategies for Realistic Multi-Unit Sealed-Bid Auctions.
realistic multi-unit sealed-bid auctions	bidding strategies
Adaptive Control for Autonomous Underwater Vehicles.
autonomous underwater vehicles	adaptive control
Semantic Graph Construction for Weakly-Supervised Image Parsing.
weakly-supervised image parsing	semantic graph construction
Epsilon-First Policies for Budget-Limited Multi-Armed Bandits.
budget-limited multi-armed bandits
Manifold Denoising as Preprocessing for Finding Natural Representations of Data.
finding natural representations	manifold denoising
Teamwork with Limited Knowledge of Teammates.
limited knowledge
Bridging the Gap Between Task and Motion Planning, Papers from the 2010 AAAI Workshop, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, July 11, 2010
2010 aaai workshop	motion planning
Shallow Blue: Lego-Based Embodied AI as a Platform for Cross-Curricular Project Based Learning.
cross-curricular project based learning	lego-based embodied ai	shallow blue
Robust Execution Strategies for Probabilistic Temporal Planning.
robust execution strategies	probabilistic temporal planning
The Kernel Kalman Rule - Efficient Nonparametric Inference with Recursive Least Squares.
efficient nonparametric inference	kernel kalman rule
Locality Preserving Hashing.
locality preserving hashing
Improving Word Embeddings with Convolutional Feature Learning and Subword Information.
convolutional feature learning	improving word embeddings	subword information
Crowdsensing Air Quality with Camera-Enabled Mobile Devices.
camera-enabled mobile devices	crowdsensing air quality
Search Space Reduction Using Swamp Hierarchies.
search space reduction	swamp hierarchies
A Meta-learning Approach for Selecting between Response Automation Strategies in a Help-desk Domain.
response automation strategies	meta-learning approach	help-desk domain
Beyond OWL 2 QL in OBDA: Rewritings and Approximations.
owl 2 ql
GEF: A Self-Programming Robot Using Grammatical Evolution.
grammatical evolution	self-programming robot
Commonsense Knowledge Mining from the Web.
commonsense knowledge mining
Dynamic Resource Allocation in Conservation Planning.
dynamic resource allocation	conservation planning
Market Pricing for Data Streams.
market pricing	data streams
Integrating Reinforcement Learning into a Programming Language.
integrating reinforcement learning	programming language
Recognizing Textual Entailment Using a Subsequence Kernel Method.
recognizing textual entailment	subsequence kernel method
Modeling Spatial-Temporal Dynamics of Human Movements for Predicting Future Trajectories.
modeling spatial-temporal dynamics	predicting future trajectories	human movements
Predicting User Roles from Computer Logs Using Recurrent Neural Networks.
predicting user roles	recurrent neural networks	computer logs
Analyzing NIH Funding Patterns over Time with Statistical Text Analysis.
analyzing nih funding patterns	statistical text analysis
Bilateral k-Means Algorithm for Fast Co-Clustering.
bilateral k-means algorithm	fast co-clustering
Learning Perceptual Causality from Video.
learning perceptual causality
Biased Games.
biased games
Constraint Projections for Ensemble Learning.
ensemble learning	constraint projections
Semantic Representation Using Explicit Concept Space Models.
explicit concept space models	semantic representation
When to Reset Your Keys: Optimal Timing of Security Updates via Learning.
security updates	optimal timing
Exploring the Duality in Conflict-Directed Model-Based Diagnosis.
conflict-directed model-based diagnosis
Lego Plays Chess: A Low-Cost, Low-Complexity Approach to Intelligent Robotics.
lego plays chess	intelligent robotics	low-complexity approach
A Semantic Importing Approach to Knowledge Reuse from Multiple Ontologies.
semantic importing approach	multiple ontologies	knowledge reuse
Policy Tree: Adaptive Representation for Policy Gradient.
policy gradient	adaptive representation	policy tree
Joint Extraction and Labeling via Graph Propagation for Dictionary Construction.
graph propagation	dictionary construction	joint extraction
Using Commonsense Knowledge to Automatically Create (Noisy) Training Examples from Text.
commonsense knowledge	automatically create	training examples
Transductive Learning on Adaptive Graphs.
transductive learning	adaptive graphs
Logical Filtering and Smoothing: State Estimation in Partially Observable Domains.
partially observable domains	state estimation	logical filtering
Robust Partially-Compressed Least-Squares.
robust partially-compressed least-squares
Joint Multi-View Representation Learning and Image Tagging.
joint multi-view representation learning	image tagging
Spectral Clustering Using Multilinear SVD: Analysis, Approximations and Applications.
spectral clustering	multilinear svd
Top-N Recommender System via Matrix Completion.
recommender system	matrix completion
Supervised Hashing for Image Retrieval via Image Representation Learning.
image representation learning	image retrieval	supervised hashing
Differential Eligibility Vectors for Advantage Updating and Gradient Methods.
differential eligibility vectors	advantage updating	gradient methods
Quality-Based Learning for Web Data Classification.
web data classification	quality-based learning
Approximate Lifted Belief Propagation.
approximate lifted belief propagation
asprin: Customizing Answer Set Preferences without a Headache.
customizing answer set preferences
Team Formation with Heterogeneous Agents in Computer Games.
team formation	heterogeneous agents	computer games
Friendly Artificial Intelligence: The Physics Challenge.
friendly artificial intelligence	physics challenge
Loop Calculus for Satisfiability.
loop calculus
Large-Scale Optimistic Adaptive Submodularity.
large-scale optimistic adaptive submodularity
Machine Learning for Entity Coreference Resolution: A Retrospective Look at Two Decades of Research.
entity coreference resolution	machine learning
Freebase: A Shared Database of Structured General Human Knowledge.
structured general human knowledge	shared database
Hybrid Singular Value Thresholding for Tensor Completion.
hybrid singular	tensor completion
Profit-Driven Team Grouping in Social Networks.
profit-driven team grouping	social networks
Creating Serious Robots That Improve Society.
improve society
Automatic Construction and Natural-Language Description of Nonparametric Regression Models.
nonparametric regression models	natural-language description	automatic construction
Strategy Purification.
strategy purification
Learning Spatial-Temporal Varying Graphs with Applications to Climate Data Analysis.
learning spatial-temporal varying graphs	climate data analysis
MobileWorks: A Mobile Crowdsourcing Platform for Workers at the Bottom of the Pyramid.
mobile crowdsourcing platform
Manifold Learning for Jointly Modeling Topic and Visualization.
jointly modeling topic	manifold learning
Fast Hybrid Algorithm for Big Matrix Recovery.
big matrix recovery	fast hybrid algorithm
Algorithms for Max-Min Share Fair Allocation of Indivisible Chores.
max-min share fair allocation	indivisible chores
Beyond Monte Carlo Tree Search: Playing Go with Deep Alternative Neural Network and Long-Term Evaluation.
deep alternative neural network	monte carlo tree search	long-term evaluation
SenseRun: Real-Time Running Routes Recommendation towards Providing Pleasant Running Experiences.
providing pleasant running experiences	real-time running routes recommendation
A Latent Variable Model for Discovering Bird Species Commonly Misidentified by Citizen Scientists.
discovering bird species commonly misidentified	latent variable model	citizen scientists
Computational Complexity of Weighted Threshold Games.
weighted threshold games	computational complexity
Real-Time Identification of Operating Room State from Video.
operating room state	real-time identification
Local Discriminant Hyperalignment for Multi-Subject fMRI Data Alignment.
multi-subject fmri data alignment	local discriminant hyperalignment
Preface.
preface
Integrating Features and Similarities: Flexible Models for Heterogeneous Multiview Data.
heterogeneous multiview data	flexible models	integrating features
Model Update for Automated Planning.
model update	automated planning
A SAT-Based Approach for Solving the Modal Logic S5-Satisfiability Problem.
modal logic s5-satisfiability problem	sat-based approach
Metarepresentational Versus Control Theories of Metacognition.
metarepresentational versus control theories
Online Optimization with Dynamic Temporal Uncertainty: Incorporating Short Term Predictions for Renewable Integration in Intelligent Energy Systems.
incorporating short term predictions	intelligent energy systems	dynamic temporal uncertainty	renewable integration	online optimization
Deep Apprenticeship Learning for Playing Video Games.
playing video games	deep apprenticeship learning
"8 Amazing Secrets for Getting More Clicks": Detecting Clickbaits in News Streams Using Article Informality.
article informality	news streams	8 amazing secrets	detecting clickbaits
Learning Non-Stationary Space-Time Models for Environmental Monitoring.
learning non-stationary space-time models	environmental monitoring
CORPP: Commonsense Reasoning and Probabilistic Planning, as Applied to Dialog with a Mobile Robot.
probabilistic planning	mobile robot	commonsense reasoning
Computing Randomized Security Strategies in Networked Domains.
computing randomized security strategies	networked domains
Approximating OWL-DL Ontologies.
approximating owl-dl ontologies
ESP: A Logic of Only-Knowing, Noisy Sensing and Acting.
noisy sensing
Temporal Milestones in HTNs.
temporal milestones
Enabling Intelligence through Middleware, Papers from the 2010 AAAI Robot Workshop, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, July 12, 2010
2010 aaai robot workshop	enabling intelligence
THink: Inferring Cognitive Status from Subtle Behaviors.
inferring cognitive status	subtle behaviors
The Validity of Providing Automated Hints in an ITS Using a MDP.
providing automated hints
Integrative Construction and Analysis of Condition-specific Biological Networks.
condition-specific biological networks	integrative construction
Robust Distance Metric Learning in the Presence of Label Noise.
robust distance metric learning	label noise
Learning Sensor, Space and Object Geometry.
object geometry	learning sensor
Equilibria in Heterogeneous Nonmonotonic Multi-Context Systems.
heterogeneous nonmonotonic multi-context systems
Intelligent Habitat Restoration Under Uncertainty.
intelligent habitat restoration
CATS: Cognitive Analytic Trail System.
cognitive analytic trail system
The Boundary Forest Algorithm for Online Supervised and Unsupervised Learning.
boundary forest algorithm	online supervised	unsupervised learning
Simultaneous Cake Cutting.
simultaneous cake cutting
Joint Object and Pose Recognition Using Homeomorphic Manifold Analysis.
homeomorphic manifold analysis	joint object	pose recognition
Phase Transition and Network Structure in Realistic SAT Problems.
realistic sat problems	network structure	phase transition
Two New Local Search Strategies for Minimum Vertex Cover.
local search strategies	minimum vertex cover
A Solution Alternative to Achieve Parcel Connectivity in the Dynamic Reserve Design Problem.
dynamic reserve design problem	achieve parcel connectivity	solution alternative
Spontaneous Retrieval from Long-Term Memory for a Cognitive Architecture.
spontaneous retrieval	cognitive architecture	long-term memory
Text Simplification Using Neural Machine Translation.
neural machine translation	text simplification
Scaling-Up Quadratic Programming Feature Selection.
quadratic programming feature selection
Using Description Logics for RDF Constraint Checking and Closed-World Recognition.
rdf constraint checking	description logics	closed-world recognition
Learning Tractable Graphical Models Using Mixture of Arithmetic Circuits.
learning tractable graphical models	arithmetic circuits
PhotoSlap: A Multi-player Online Game for Semantic Annotation.
multi-player online game	semantic annotation
Learning Predictable and Discriminative Attributes for Visual Recognition.
visual recognition	discriminative attributes	learning predictable
Data Driven Game Theoretic Cyber Threat Mitigation.
data driven game theoretic cyber threat mitigation
A Bayesian Approach to Perceptual 3D Object-Part Decomposition Using Skeleton-Based Representations.
perceptual 3d object-part decomposition	bayesian approach	skeleton-based representations
Large-Scale Supervised Multimodal Hashing with Semantic Correlation Maximization.
large-scale supervised multimodal hashing	semantic correlation maximization
Bootstrapping with Models: Confidence Intervals for Off-Policy Evaluation.
off-policy evaluation	confidence intervals
Lifelong Learning, Papers from the 2011 AAAI Workshop, San Francisco, California, USA, August 7, 2011
lifelong learning	san francisco	2011 aaai workshop
Metric Learning Driven Multi-Task Structured Output Optimization for Robust Keypoint Tracking.
metric learning driven multi-task structured output optimization	robust keypoint tracking
Cross-View Feature Learning for Scalable Social Image Analysis.
scalable social image analysis	cross-view feature learning
Unsupervised Sentiment Analysis with Signed Social Networks.
unsupervised sentiment analysis	signed social networks
Document Type Classification in Online Digital Libraries.
document type classification	online digital libraries
Effects of the Implementation of Electronic Medical Records in Small Internal Medicine Practices on Healthcare Objectives in the United States.
small internal medicine practices	electronic medical records	healthcare objectives	united states
Active Learning for Informative Projection Retrieval.
informative projection retrieval	active learning
Saving Redundant Messages in BnB-ADOPT.
saving redundant messages
Using Bayesian Networks for Daily Activity Prediction.
daily activity prediction	bayesian networks
CAST: Middleware for Memory-Based Architectures.
memory-based architectures
New Mini-Bucket Partitioning Heuristics for Bounding the Probability of Evidence.
mini-bucket partitioning heuristics
First-Order Indefinability of Answer Set Programs on Finite Structures.
answer set programs	first-order indefinability	finite structures
Optimal False-Name-Proof Voting Rules with Costly Voting.
optimal false-name-proof voting rules	costly voting
RepRev: Mitigating the Negative Effects of Misreported Ratings.
misreported ratings	negative effects
PEAK: Pyramid Evaluation via Automated Knowledge Extraction.
automated knowledge extraction	pyramid evaluation
Engineering Works Scheduling for Hong Kong's Rail Network.
engineering works scheduling	hong kong	rail network
Solving QBF Instances with Nested SAT Solvers.
solving qbf instances	nested sat solvers
Improving WalkSAT for Random k-Satisfiability Problem with k > 3.
random k-satisfiability problem	improving walksat
Hierarchical Location and Topic Based Query Expansion.
topic based query expansion	hierarchical location
Learning Language Semantics from Ambiguous Supervision.
learning language semantics	ambiguous supervision
MUST-CNN: A Multilayer Shift-and-Stitch Deep Convolutional Architecture for Sequence-Based Protein Structure Prediction.
multilayer shift-and-stitch deep convolutional architecture	sequence-based protein structure prediction
Using Discourse Signals for Robust Instructor Intervention Prediction.
robust instructor intervention prediction	discourse signals
Quantilizers: A Safer Alternative to Maximizers for Limited Optimization.
limited optimization	safer alternative
Efficient Learning of Timeseries Shapelets.
timeseries shapelets	efficient learning
A Game-Theoretic Analysis of Catalog Optimization.
catalog optimization	game-theoretic analysis
MOMDPs: A Solution for Modelling Adaptive Management Problems.
modelling adaptive management problems
A Planning Approach for Message-Oriented Semantic Web Service Composition.
message-oriented semantic web service composition	planning approach
Intelligent Time-Aware Query Translation for Text Sources.
intelligent time-aware query translation	text sources
Efficient Task Sub-Delegation for Crowdsourcing.
efficient task sub-delegation
Risk-Aware Planning: Methods and Case Study for Safer Driving Routes.
safer driving routes	case study	risk-aware planning
Generating True Relevance Labels in Chinese Search Engine Using Clickthrough Data.
generating true relevance labels	chinese search engine	clickthrough data
Cold-Start Heterogeneous-Device Wireless Localization.
cold-start heterogeneous-device wireless localization
Extending Cognitive Architecture with Episodic Memory.
extending cognitive architecture	episodic memory
Content Recommendation for Attention Management in Unified Social Messaging.
unified social messaging	content recommendation	attention management
Purely Epistemic Markov Decision Processes.
purely epistemic markov decision processes
Complexity of Inferences in Polytree-shaped Semi-Qualitative Probabilistic Networks.
polytree-shaped semi-qualitative probabilistic networks
A Multivariate Timeseries Modeling Approach to Severity of Illness Assessment and Forecasting in ICU with Sparse, Heterogeneous Clinical Data.
multivariate timeseries modeling approach	heterogeneous clinical data	illness assessment
Planning Under Time Pressure.
time pressure
Discovering Patterns of Autistic Planning.
autistic planning	discovering patterns
Explicit Defense Actions Against Test-Set Attacks.
explicit defense actions	test-set attacks
The Influence of Emotion Expression on Perceptions of Trustworthiness in Negotiation.
emotion expression
Artificial Conversational Companions.
artificial conversational companions
Congestion Games with Distance-Based Strict Uncertainty.
distance-based strict uncertainty	congestion games
Conformant Planning Heuristics Based on Plan Reuse in Belief States.
conformant planning heuristics based	belief states	plan reuse
Constructing Models of User and Task Characteristics from Eye Gaze Data for User-Adaptive Information Highlighting.
user-adaptive information highlighting	eye gaze data	task characteristics	constructing models
Self-Correcting Models for Model-Based Reinforcement Learning.
model-based reinforcement learning	self-correcting models
A Data-Driven Approach to Question Subjectivity Identification in Community Question Answering.
community question answering	question subjectivity identification	data-driven approach
Solving Games with Functional Regret Estimation.
functional regret estimation	solving games
Enabling E-Mobility: Facility Location for Battery Loading Stations.
battery loading stations	facility location	enabling e-mobility
Vector-Valued Multi-View Semi-Supervsed Learning for Multi-Label Image Classification.
vector-valued multi-view semi-supervsed learning	multi-label image classification
Multi-Label Dimensionality Reduction via Dependence Maximization.
multi-label dimensionality reduction	dependence maximization
Robust Image Sentiment Analysis Using Progressively Trained and Domain Transferred Deep Networks.
robust image sentiment analysis	domain transferred deep networks	progressively trained
Using a Geometric-Based Sketch Recognition Approach to Sketch Chinese Radicals.
geometric-based sketch recognition approach	sketch chinese radicals
ClaimEval: Integrated and Flexible Framework for Claim Evaluation Using Credibility of Sources.
flexible framework	claim evaluation
Nonmyopic Informative Path Planning in Spatio-Temporal Models.
nonmyopic informative path planning	spatio-temporal models
Genome Rearrangement: A Planning Approach.
planning approach	genome rearrangement
Learning by Reading: A Prototype System, Performance Baseline and Lessons Learned.
prototype system	performance baseline	lessons learned
Properties of Bayesian Dirichlet Scores to Learn Bayesian Network Structures.
learn bayesian network structures	bayesian dirichlet scores
Additional Multi-Touch Attribution for Online Advertising.
additional multi-touch attribution	online advertising
Local Search for Optimal Global Map Generation Using Mid-Decadal Landsat Images.
optimal global map generation	mid-decadal landsat images	local search
Modeling Skewed Class Distributions by Reshaping the Concept Space.
modeling skewed class distributions	concept space
A Fraud Resilient Medical Insurance Claim System.
fraud resilient medical insurance claim system
Image Caption with Global-Local Attention.
image caption	global-local attention
Anytime Active Learning.
anytime active learning
Bypassing Combinatorial Protections: Polynomial-Time Algorithms for Single-Peaked Electorates.
bypassing combinatorial protections	single-peaked electorates	polynomial-time algorithms
Fast Algorithms for Top-k Approximate String Matching.
approximate string matching	fast algorithms
Dynamic Symbol Grounding: Changing Referents in Engineering Analysis and Spatial Environments.
dynamic symbol grounding	engineering analysis	spatial environments	changing referents
Toward Ensuring Ethical Behavior from Autonomous Systems: A Case-Supported Principle-Based Paradigm.
ensuring ethical behavior	case-supported principle-based paradigm	autonomous systems
Optimal Multi-Agent Scheduling with Constraint Programming.
optimal multi-agent scheduling	constraint programming
A Relevance-Based Compilation Method for Conformant Probabilistic Planning.
conformant probabilistic planning	relevance-based compilation method
Closing the Loop for Edge Detection and Object Proposals.
object proposals	edge detection
Exploiting Variable Associations to Configure Efficient Local Search in Large-Scale Set Partitioning Problems.
large-scale set partitioning problems	configure efficient local search	exploiting variable associations
Towards User Personality Profiling from Multiple Social Networks.
user personality profiling	multiple social networks
Robust Visual Tracking via Local-Global Correlation Filter.
local-global correlation filter	robust visual tracking
Agenda Separability in Judgment Aggregation.
agenda separability	judgment aggregation
Temporal Topic Analysis with Endogenous and Exogenous Processes.
temporal topic analysis	exogenous processes
On Power-Law Kernels, Corresponding Reproducing Kernel Hilbert Space and Applications.
reproducing kernel hilbert space	power-law kernels
A General Framework for Recognizing Complex Events in Markov Logic.
recognizing complex events	general framework	markov logic
Robust Active Learning Using Crowdsourced Annotations for Activity Recognition.
robust active learning	activity recognition	crowdsourced annotations
All-in Text: Learning Document, Label, and Word Representations Jointly.
word representations jointly	learning document
CollabMap: Augmenting Maps Using the Wisdom of Crowds.
augmenting maps
Strategic Sequences of Arguments for Persuasion Using Decision Trees.
decision trees	strategic sequences
QART: A System for Real-Time Holistic Quality Assurance for Contact Center Dialogues.
real-time holistic quality assurance	contact center dialogues
Relaxation Search: A Simple Way of Managing Optional Clauses.
managing optional clauses	relaxation search
What's Hot at CPAIOR (Extended Abstract).
extended abstract
Crowdsourcing for Deployable Intelligent Systems.
deployable intelligent systems
Dynamic Social Choice with Evolving Preferences.
dynamic social choice	evolving preferences
Belief Revision with General Epistemic States.
general epistemic states	belief revision
Effects of Faulty Knowledge Engineering on Structured Classification Learning.
faulty knowledge engineering	structured classification learning
Robustness of Bayesian Pool-Based Active Learning Against Prior Misspecification.
bayesian pool-based active learning	prior misspecification
On Machine Learning towards Predictive Sales Pipeline Analytics.
predictive sales pipeline analytics	machine learning
Worst-case Optimal Conjunctive Query Answering for an Expressive Description Logic without Inverses.
worst-case optimal conjunctive query answering	expressive description logic
Approximate Linear Programming for Constrained Partially Observable Markov Decision Processes.
constrained partially observable markov decision processes	approximate linear programming
Unsupervised Word Sense Disambiguation Using Markov Random Field and Dependency Parser.
unsupervised word sense disambiguation	markov random field	dependency parser
Inferring Multi-Dimensional Ideal Points for US Supreme Court Justices.
inferring multi-dimensional ideal points	supreme court justices
A Complexity-of-Strategic-Behavior Comparison between Schulze's Rule and Ranked Pairs.
ranked pairs	complexity-of-strategic-behavior comparison
Quantity Makes Quality: Learning with Partial Views.
quantity makes quality	partial views
Context Transitions: User Identification and Comparison of Mobile Device Motion Data.
mobile device motion data	user identification	context transitions
Improving Hybrid Vehicle Fuel Efficiency Using Inverse Reinforcement Learning.
improving hybrid vehicle fuel efficiency	inverse reinforcement learning
A Formalization of Program Debugging in the Situation Calculus.
situation calculus	program debugging
Depth CNNs for RGB-D Scene Recognition: Learning from Scratch Better than Transferring from RGB-CNNs.
depth cnns	scene recognition
Higher-Dimensional Potential Heuristics for Optimal Classical Planning.
higher-dimensional potential heuristics	optimal classical planning
Computational Influence for Training and Entertainment.
computational influence
Spectral Rotation versus K-Means in Spectral Clustering.
spectral rotation versus k-means	spectral clustering
Breaking More Composition Symmetries Using Search Heuristics.
composition symmetries	search heuristics
Effect of Part-of-Speech and Lemmatization Filtering in Email Classification for Automatic Reply.
automatic reply	email classification	lemmatization filtering
The Parameterized Complexity of Global Constraints.
global constraints	parameterized complexity
Self-Paced Curriculum Learning.
self-paced curriculum learning
The Marchitecture: A Cognitive Architecture for a Robot Baby.
cognitive architecture	robot baby
Group Activity Selection on Social Networks.
group activity selection	social networks
Automated Design of Robust Mechanisms.
automated design	robust mechanisms
Zero-data Learning of New Tasks.
zero-data learning
Dataless Text Classification with Descriptive LDA.
dataless text classification	descriptive lda
Using Knowledge Driven Matrix Factorization to Reconstruct Modular Gene Regulatory Network.
reconstruct modular gene regulatory network	knowledge driven matrix factorization
Knowledge Compilation in the Modal Logic S5.
modal logic s5	knowledge compilation
Planning for Operational Control Systems with Predictable Exogenous Events.
operational control systems	predictable exogenous events
Visual Scene Interpretation as a Dialogue between Vision and Language.
visual scene interpretation
The VITA Financial Services Sales Support Environment.
vita financial services sales support environment
Supporting Wilderness Search and Rescue with Integrated Intelligence: Autonomy and Information at the Right Time and the Right Place.
supporting wilderness search	integrated intelligence
Spectral Learning of Predictive State Representations with Insufficient Statistics.
predictive state representations	insufficient statistics	spectral learning
Applying Marginal MAP Search to Probabilistic Conformant Planning: Initial Results.
applying marginal map search	probabilistic conformant planning	initial results
Exponential Deepening A* for Real-Time Agent-Centered Search.
real-time agent-centered search	exponential deepening
Crowdsourcing for Multiple-Choice Question Answering.
multiple-choice question answering
Multi-Robot Auctions for Allocation of Tasks with Temporal Constraints.
multi-robot auctions	temporal constraints
Judgment Aggregation under Issue Dependencies.
issue dependencies	judgment aggregation
A Maximum K-Min Approach for Classification.
maximum k-min approach
Selective Transfer Between Learning Tasks Using Task-Based Boosting.
selective transfer	task-based boosting	learning tasks
Scalable Sparse Covariance Estimation via Self-Concordance.
scalable sparse covariance estimation
Label Efficient Learning by Exploiting Multi-Class Output Codes.
exploiting multi-class output codes	label efficient learning
Structural Correspondence Learning for Cross-Lingual Sentiment Classification with One-to-Many Mappings.
cross-lingual sentiment classification	structural correspondence learning
Towards Cognitive Automation of Data Science.
data science	cognitive automation
Artificial Intelligence for Cities, Papers from the 2015 AAAI Workshop, Austin, Texas, USA, January 25, 2015.
2015 aaai workshop	artificial intelligence
Proportional Justified Representation.
proportional justified representation
From Whence Does Your Authority Come? Utilizing Community Relevance in Ranking.
utilizing community relevance
The Complexity of Planning Revisited - A Parameterized Analysis.
parameterized analysis	planning revisited
Comparing Position Auctions Computationally.
comparing position auctions computationally
Computing Stackelberg Equilibria in Discounted Stochastic Games.
discounted stochastic games	computing stackelberg equilibria
Online Sequence Alignment for Real-Time Audio Transcription by Non-Experts.
real-time audio transcription	online sequence alignment
Pruning Techniques in Search and Planning.
pruning techniques
Solving the Station Repacking Problem.
station repacking problem
Matrix Factorisation for Scalable Energy Breakdown.
scalable energy breakdown	matrix factorisation
Modeling Opponent Actions for Table-Tennis Playing Robot.
modeling opponent actions	table-tennis playing robot
Coupling Implicit and Explicit Knowledge for Customer Volume Prediction.
customer volume prediction	explicit knowledge	coupling implicit
Co-Regularized PLSA for Multi-Modal Learning.
co-regularized plsa	multi-modal learning
Randomised Procedures for Initialising and Switching Actions in Policy Iteration.
randomised procedures	switching actions	policy iteration
Lifelong Forgetting: A Critical Ingredient of Lifelong Learning, and Its Implementation in the OpenCog Integrative AI Framework.
opencog integrative ai framework	lifelong learning	lifelong forgetting	critical ingredient
An Approximate Subgame-Perfect Equilibrium Computation Technique for Repeated Games.
approximate subgame-perfect equilibrium computation technique	repeated games
Optimal Multi-Agent Pathfinding Algorithms.
optimal multi-agent pathfinding algorithms
DUCT: An Upper Confidence Bound Approach to Distributed Constraint Optimization Problems.
distributed constraint optimization problems	upper confidence bound approach
Recognizing Intent and Trust of a Facebook Friend to Facilitate Autonomous Conversation.
facilitate autonomous conversation	facebook friend	recognizing intent
Analyzing and Predicting Not-Answered Questions in Community-based Question Answering Services.
community-based question answering services	predicting not-answered questions
A Modular Framework for the Automatic Reconstruction of Shredded Documents.
shredded documents	automatic reconstruction	modular framework
Effectively Predicting Whether and When a Topic Will Become Prevalent in a Social Network.
effectively predicting	social network
Balanced Trade Reduction for Dual-Role Exchange Markets.
dual-role exchange markets	balanced trade reduction
Data-Driven Programming and Behavior for Autonomous Virtual Characters.
autonomous virtual characters	data-driven programming
Single or Multiple? Combining Word Representations Independently Learned from Text and WordNet.
combining word representations independently learned
Temporal and Information Flow Based Event Detection from Social Text Streams.
information flow based event detection	social text streams
Minimizing User Involvement for Learning Human Mobility Patterns from Location Traces.
learning human mobility patterns	minimizing user involvement	location traces
Identifying Contributing Factors of Occupant Thermal Discomfort in a Smart Building.
identifying contributing factors	occupant thermal discomfort	smart building
A Scalable Tree-Based Approach for Joint Object and Pose Recognition.
scalable tree-based approach	joint object	pose recognition
An End-to-End Spatio-Temporal Attention Model for Human Action Recognition from Skeleton Data.
end-to-end spatio-temporal attention model	human action recognition	skeleton data
Mechanism-Aware Neural Machine for Dialogue Response Generation.
mechanism-aware neural machine	dialogue response generation
Theta*: Any-Angle Path Planning on Grids.
any-angle path planning
Automatically Augmenting Titles of Research Papers for Better Discovery.
automatically augmenting titles	research papers
Robot Team Exploration with Communication Restrictions.
robot team exploration	communication restrictions
Towards a Brain Inspired Model of Self-Awareness for Sociable Agents.
brain inspired model	sociable agents
A Propagator Design Framework for Constraints over Sequences.
propagator design framework
Approximately Revenue-Maximizing Auctions for Deliberative Agents.
approximately revenue-maximizing auctions	deliberative agents
Three Controversial Hypotheses Concerning Computation in the Primate Cortex.
controversial hypotheses	primate cortex
Growing Interpretable Part Graphs on ConvNets via Multi-Shot Learning.
growing interpretable part graphs	multi-shot learning
Using Stories to Teach Human Values to Artificial Agents.
teach human values	artificial agents
Learning Future Classifiers without Additional Data.
learning future classifiers	additional data
Using Spatial Language in Multi-Modal Knowledge Capture.
multi-modal knowledge capture	spatial language
On Multi-Robot Area Coverage.
multi-robot area coverage
Learning Greedy Policies for the Easy-First Framework.
learning greedy policies
Learning CP-Net Preferences Online from User Queries.
learning cp-net preferences online	user queries
Markov Blanket Feature Selection for Support Vector Machines.
markov blanket feature selection	support vector machines
Game-Theoretic Approach for Non-Cooperative Planning.
game-theoretic approach	non-cooperative planning
A Randomized String Kernel and Its Application to RNA Interference.
randomized string kernel	rna interference
Bidirectional Search That Is Guaranteed to Meet in the Middle.
bidirectional search
CrowdWON: A Modelling Language for Crowd Processes based on Workflow Nets.
crowd processes based	workflow nets	modelling language
News Verification by Exploiting Conflicting Social Viewpoints in Microblogs.
exploiting conflicting social viewpoints	news verification
Model AI Assignments 2014.
model ai assignments 2014
Unsupervised Measure of Word Similarity: How to Outperform Co-Occurrence and Vector Cosine in VSMs.
word similarity	outperform co-occurrence	vector cosine	unsupervised measure
Generality and Equivalence Relations in Default Logic.
equivalence relations	default logic
The Hidden Convexity of Spectral Clustering.
spectral clustering	hidden convexity
Deep Transfer as Structure Learning in Markov Logic Networks.
markov logic networks	structure learning	deep transfer
Convex Batch Mode Active Sampling via α-Relative Pearson Divergence.
convex batch mode active sampling	α-relative pearson divergence
Parameter Free Large Margin Nearest Neighbor for Distance Metric Learning.
parameter free large margin nearest neighbor	distance metric learning
Knowledge, Skill, and Behavior Transfer in Autonomous Robots, Papers from the 2015 AAAI Workshop, Austin, Texas, USA, January 25, 2015.
behavior transfer	2015 aaai workshop	autonomous robots
Splitting a Logic Program Revisited.
logic program revisited
Creative Introspection and Knowledge Acquisition.
knowledge acquisition	creative introspection
A Hierarchical Aspect-Sentiment Model for Online Reviews.
hierarchical aspect-sentiment model	online reviews
A Supervised Sparse Learning Framework to Solve EEG Inverse Problem for Discriminative Activations Pattern.
solve eeg inverse problem	supervised sparse learning framework	discriminative activations pattern
SMT-Based Validation of Timed Failure Propagation Graphs.
timed failure propagation graphs	smt-based validation
A Speech-Driven Second Screen Application for TV Program Discovery.
tv program discovery	screen application
An Online Logic Programming Development Environment.
online logic programming development environment
Interaction Point Processes via Infinite Branching Model.
interaction point processes	infinite branching model
Complexity Results for Compressing Optimal Paths.
compressing optimal paths	complexity results
Data Poisoning Attacks against Autoregressive Models.
data poisoning attacks	autoregressive models
A Distributed Method for Evaluating Properties of a Robot Formation.
distributed method	robot formation	evaluating properties
Transfer Feature Representation via Multiple Kernel Learning.
multiple kernel learning	transfer feature representation
Deep Salience: Visual Salience Modeling via Deep Belief Propagation.
deep belief propagation	visual salience modeling	deep salience
An Intelligent System for Chinese Calligraphy.
intelligent system	chinese calligraphy
Emergence of Social Punishment and Cooperation through Prior Commitments.
social punishment	prior commitments
Manipulation of Nanson's and Baldwin's Rules.
rules
Perceiving Group Themes from Collective Social and Behavioral Information.
perceiving group themes	collective social	behavioral information
Tracking User-Preference Varying Speed in Collaborative Filtering.
tracking user-preference varying speed	collaborative filtering
Representing and Reasoning about Commitments in Business Processes.
business processes
Incentives for Truthful Information Elicitation of Continuous Signals.
truthful information elicitation	continuous signals
Venting Weight: Analyzing the Discourse of an Online Weight Loss Forum.
online weight loss forum	venting weight
Modeling Argumentation and Explanation in the Social Web.
social web	modeling argumentation
Tighter Value Function Bounds for Bayesian Reinforcement Learning.
bayesian reinforcement learning	function bounds
Teaching-to-Learn and Learning-to-Teach for Multi-label Propagation.
multi-label propagation
Compressing Configuration Data for Memory Limited Devices.
compressing configuration data	memory limited devices
Justified Representation in Approval-Based Committee Voting.
approval-based committee voting	justified representation
Query Abduction for ELH Ontologies.
query abduction	elh ontologies
The Complexity of Reasoning with FODD and GFODD.
fodd
Just Count the Satisfied Groundings: Scalable Local-Search and Sampling Based Inference in MLNs.
sampling based inference	scalable local-search	satisfied groundings
Turning Lectures into Comic Books Using Linguistically Salient Gestures.
linguistically salient gestures	turning lectures	comic books
Efficient Algorithms to Solve Bayesian Stackelberg Games for Security Applications.
solve bayesian stackelberg games	efficient algorithms	security applications
A Multi-Agent Control Architecture for a Rescue Robot.
multi-agent control architecture	rescue robot
A Grounded Cognitive Model for Metaphor Acquisition.
grounded cognitive model	metaphor acquisition
One Size Does Not Fit All: A Game-Theoretic Approach for Dynamically and Effectively Screening for Threats.
effectively screening	game-theoretic approach
On the Decidability of Role Mappings between Modular Ontologies.
role mappings	modular ontologies
Iterative Resource Allocation for Memory Intensive Parallel Search Algorithms on Clouds, Grids, and Shared Clusters.
memory intensive parallel search algorithms	iterative resource allocation	shared clusters
A New Algorithm for Generating Equilibria in Massive Zero-Sum Games.
massive zero-sum games	generating equilibria
Robot Motion Planning with Dynamics as Hybrid Search.
robot motion planning	hybrid search
Expressiveness of ADL and Golog: Functions Make a Difference.
functions make
End-User Feature Labeling via Locally Weighted Logistic Regression.
locally weighted logistic regression	end-user feature labeling
Unified Constraint Propagation on Multi-View Data.
unified constraint propagation	multi-view data
Biologically Inspired Design: A New Paradigm for AI Research on Computational Sustainability?
biologically inspired design	ai research	computational sustainability
Capturing Dependencies among Labels and Features for Multiple Emotion Tagging of Multimedia Data.
multiple emotion tagging	capturing dependencies	multimedia data
Inferring Causal Directions in Errors-in-Variables Models.
inferring causal directions	errors-in-variables models
Unit Dependency Graph and Its Application to Arithmetic Word Problem Solving.
arithmetic word problem solving	unit dependency graph
Selfish Knapsack.
selfish knapsack
Variable Kernel Density Estimation in High-Dimensional Feature Spaces.
variable kernel density estimation	high-dimensional feature spaces
Urban Security: Game-Theoretic Resource Allocation in Networked Domains.
game-theoretic resource allocation	urban security	networked domains
Generalization Analysis for Game-Theoretic Machine Learning.
game-theoretic machine learning	generalization analysis
What Predicts Media Coverage of Health Science Articles?
health science articles	predicts media coverage
Structure Regularized Unsupervised Discriminant Feature Analysis.
structure regularized unsupervised discriminant feature analysis
Probabilistic Possible Winner Determination.
winner determination
Threats and Trade-Offs in Resource Critical Crowdsourcing Tasks Over Networks.
resource critical crowdsourcing tasks
Greedy or Not? Best Improving versus First Improving Stochastic Local Search for MAXSAT.
improving stochastic local search	improving versus
Combining Multiple Concurrent Physiological Streams to Assessing Patients Condition.
combining multiple concurrent physiological streams	assessing patients condition
An Overview of Affective Motivational Collaboration Theory.
affective motivational collaboration theory
Combining Machine Learning and Crowdsourcing for Better Understanding Commodity Reviews.
combining machine learning	understanding commodity reviews
VINet: Visual-Inertial Odometry as a Sequence-to-Sequence Learning Problem.
sequence-to-sequence learning problem	visual-inertial odometry
Improvement of Multi-AUV Cooperation through Teammate Verification.
teammate verification	multi-auv cooperation
Arnold: An Autonomous Agent to Play FPS Games.
play fps games	autonomous agent
Algorithm Selection via Ranking.
algorithm selection
Affective Computing and Applications of Image Emotion Perceptions.
image emotion perceptions	affective computing
Joule Counting Correction for Electric Vehicles Using Artificial Neural Networks.
artificial neural networks	joule counting correction	electric vehicles
Decision-Theoretic Clustering of Strategies.
decision-theoretic clustering
Reasoning about Imperfect Information Games in the Epistemic Situation Calculus.
epistemic situation calculus	imperfect information games
Pareto Optimality in Abstract Argumentation.
abstract argumentation	pareto optimality
A Nonconvex Relaxation Approach for Rank Minimization Problems.
rank minimization problems	nonconvex relaxation approach
Adaptive Spatio-Temporal Exploratory Models: Hemisphere-wide species distributions from massively crowdsourced eBird data.
massively crowdsourced ebird data	adaptive spatio-temporal exploratory models	hemisphere-wide species distributions
A Sequence Labeling Approach to Deriving Word Variants.
sequence labeling approach	deriving word variants
The Computational Complexity of Structure-Based Causality.
structure-based causality	computational complexity
The Constrained Laplacian Rank Algorithm for Graph-Based Clustering.
constrained laplacian rank algorithm	graph-based clustering
Abstract Preference Frameworks - a Unifying Perspective on Separability and Strong Equivalence.
abstract preference frameworks	strong equivalence	unifying perspective
Iterative Project Quasi-Newton Algorithm for Training RBM.
iterative project quasi-newton algorithm	training rbm
Social Role-Aware Emotion Contagion in Image Social Networks.
social role-aware emotion contagion	image social networks
Counting-Based Search for Constraint Optimization Problems.
constraint optimization problems	counting-based search
Ontology-Mediated Queries for NOSQL Databases.
ontology-mediated queries	nosql databases
Events, Interest, Segmentation, Binding and Hierarchy.
hierarchy
Graph Analysis for Detecting Fraud, Waste, and Abuse in Healthcare Data.
healthcare data	graph analysis	detecting fraud
Small-Variance Asymptotics for Dirichlet Process Mixtures of SVMs.
dirichlet process mixtures	small-variance asymptotics
Community-Based Question Answering via Heterogeneous Social Network Learning.
heterogeneous social network learning	community-based question answering
Energy- and Cost-Efficient Pumping Station Control.
cost-efficient pumping station control
Two-Dimensional PCA with F-Norm Minimization.
f-norm minimization	two-dimensional pca
Adopting Inference Networks for Online Thread Retrieval.
online thread retrieval	adopting inference networks
A Visual Semantic Framework for Innovation Analytics.
visual semantic framework	innovation analytics
Web Service Composition as Planning, Revisited: In Between Background Theories and Initial State Uncertainty.
initial state uncertainty	web service composition	background theories
Multi-Variable Agents Decomposition for DCOPs.
multi-variable agents decomposition
Learning a Cost Function for Interactive Microscope Image Segmentation.
interactive microscope image segmentation	cost function
Detection and Recognition of Text Embedded in Online Images via Neural Context Models.
neural context models	text embedded	online images
Conditional Outlier Approach for Detection of Unusual Patient Care Actions.
unusual patient care actions	conditional outlier approach
Non-Additive Security Games.
non-additive security games
Plan, Activity, and Intent Recognition, Papers from the 2011 AAAI Workshop, San Francisco, California, USA, August 07, 2011
intent recognition	san francisco	2011 aaai workshop
An Association Network for Computing Semantic Relatedness.
computing semantic relatedness	association network
Multi-Strategy Learning of Robotic Behaviours via Qualitative Reasoning.
multi-strategy learning	robotic behaviours	qualitative reasoning
Balancing Safety and Exploitability in Opponent Modeling.
opponent modeling	balancing safety
Evaluating Trauma Patients: Addressing Missing Covariates with Joint Optimization.
addressing missing covariates	evaluating trauma patients	joint optimization
Coactive Learning for Locally Optimal Problem Solving.
locally optimal problem solving	coactive learning
On Quality Control and Machine Learning in Crowdsourcing.
quality control	machine learning
Localized Centering: Reducing Hubness in Large-Sample Data.
localized centering	reducing hubness	large-sample data
AnalogySpace: Reducing the Dimensionality of Common Sense Knowledge.
common sense knowledge
Pervasive Diagnosis: The Integration of Diagnostic Goals into Production Plans.
diagnostic goals	production plans	pervasive diagnosis
Predicting Emotions in User-Generated Videos.
user-generated videos	predicting emotions
Adaptive Normalized Risk-Averting Training for Deep Neural Networks.
adaptive normalized risk-averting training	deep neural networks
CCE: A Coupled Framework of Clustering Ensembles.
coupled framework	clustering ensembles
SMT-Based Verification of Hybrid Systems.
smt-based verification	hybrid systems
Lifting WALKSAT-Based Local Search Algorithms for MAP Inference.
lifting walksat-based local search algorithms	map inference
Ad Hoc Autonomous Agent Teams: Collaboration without Pre-Coordination.
ad hoc autonomous agent teams
Hotspotting - A Probabilistic Graphical Model For Image Object Localization Through Crowdsourcing.
probabilistic graphical model	image object localization
Online Learning and Profit Maximization from Revealed Preferences.
online learning	profit maximization	revealed preferences
Concept-Based Approach to Word-Sense Disambiguation.
concept-based approach	word-sense disambiguation
Patch Reordering: A NovelWay to Achieve Rotation and Translation Invariance in Convolutional Neural Networks.
convolutional neural networks	achieve rotation	patch reordering	translation invariance
Multi-Objective MDPs with Conditional Lexicographic Reward Preferences.
conditional lexicographic reward preferences	multi-objective mdps
Exploring the Boundaries of Decidable Verification of Non-Terminating Golog Programs.
non-terminating golog programs	decidable verification
Campaign Management under Approval-Driven Voting Rules.
approval-driven voting rules	campaign management
Unsupervised Feature Selection on Networks: A Generative View.
unsupervised feature selection	generative view
The Impending Ubiquity of Cognitive Objects.
cognitive objects	impending ubiquity
The Next Best Solution.
solution
Team-Maxmin Equilibrium: Efficiency Bounds and Algorithms.
team-maxmin equilibrium	efficiency bounds
Allocating Goods on a Graph to Eliminate Envy.
eliminate envy	allocating goods
Towards Large-Scale Collaborative Planning: Answering High-Level Search Queries Using Human Computation.
answering high-level search queries	large-scale collaborative planning	human computation
Learning Word Vectors Efficiently Using Shared Representations and Document Representations.
learning word vectors efficiently	document representations	shared representations
Deriving a Large-Scale Taxonomy from Wikipedia.
large-scale taxonomy
Pairwise-Covariance Linear Discriminant Analysis.
pairwise-covariance linear discriminant analysis
Continuous State POMDPs for Object Manipulation Tasks.
object manipulation tasks	continuous state pomdps
Heuristic Search Comes of Age.
heuristic search
Multi-Agent Learning with Policy Prediction.
policy prediction	multi-agent learning
Prajna: Towards Recognizing Whatever You Want from Images without Image Labeling.
image labeling
Jointly Modeling Topics and Intents with Global Order Structure.
global order structure	jointly modeling topics
Classification of Sparse Time Series via Supervised Matrix Factorization.
supervised matrix factorization	sparse time series
The Ostomachion Process.
ostomachion process
Potential-Aware Automated Abstraction of Sequential Games, and Holistic Equilibrium Analysis of Texas Hold'em Poker.
potential-aware automated abstraction	holistic equilibrium analysis	sequential games	texas hold	em poker
Learning from Multiple Heuristics.
multiple heuristics
Mitosis Detection in Breast Cancer Histology Images via Deep Cascaded Networks.
breast cancer histology images	deep cascaded networks	mitosis detection
Learned Behaviors of Multiple Autonomous Agents in Smart Grid Markets.
smart grid markets	multiple autonomous agents	learned behaviors
Reasoning with Cardinal Directions: An Efficient Algorithm.
efficient algorithm	cardinal directions
Adaptive Sampling with Optimal Cost for Class-Imbalance Learning.
adaptive sampling	optimal cost	class-imbalance learning
A Finite Memory Automaton for Two-Armed Bernoulli Bandit Problems.
two-armed bernoulli bandit problems	finite memory automaton
Complexity Boundaries for Horn Description Logics.
horn description logics	complexity boundaries
Predictive Mining of Comparable Entities from the Web.
predictive mining	comparable entities
Yoopick: A Combinatorial Sports Prediction Market.
combinatorial sports prediction market
Preface.
preface
Algorithm Selection in Bilateral Negotiation.
algorithm selection	bilateral negotiation
On the Equivalence of Linear Discriminant Analysis and Least Squares.
linear discriminant analysis
Privacy and Regression Model Preserved Learning.
regression model preserved learning
Trust, Influence and Reputation Management Based on Human Reasoning.
reputation management based	human reasoning
Robust Network Design For Multispecies Conservation.
robust network design	multispecies conservation
A Family of Latent Variable Convex Relaxations for IBM Model 2.
latent variable convex relaxations	ibm model 2
Vesselness Features and the Inverse Compositional AAM for Robust Face Recognition Using Thermal IR.
inverse compositional aam	robust face recognition	thermal ir	vesselness features
Joint Inference for Extracting Text Descriptors from Triage Images of Mass Disaster Victims.
mass disaster victims	extracting text descriptors	triage images	joint inference
Better Human Computation Through Principled Voting.
principled voting	human computation
Collaborative Planning with Encoding of Users' High-Level Strategies.
collaborative planning	high-level strategies
Transductive Zero-Shot Recognition via Shared Model Space Learning.
shared model space learning	transductive zero-shot recognition
Small Representations of Big Kidney Exchange Graphs.
big kidney exchange graphs	small representations
Day-Ahead Hail Prediction Integrating Machine Learning with Storm-Scale Numerical Weather Models.
day-ahead hail prediction integrating machine learning	storm-scale numerical weather models
Contexts for Symbiotic Autonomy: Semantic Mapping, Task Teaching and Social Robotics.
task teaching	social robotics	symbiotic autonomy	semantic mapping
The AI Rebellion: Changing the Narrative.
ai rebellion
Understanding Performance Tradeoffs in Algorithms for Solving Oversubscribed Scheduling.
solving oversubscribed scheduling	understanding performance tradeoffs
An Advising Framework for Multiagent Reinforcement Learning Systems.
multiagent reinforcement learning systems	advising framework
Fast Algorithm for Non-Stationary Gaussian Process Prediction.
non-stationary gaussian process prediction	fast algorithm
Psychologically Based Virtual-Suspect for Interrogative Interview Training.
psychologically based virtual-suspect	interrogative interview training
Preprocessing for Propositional Model Counting.
propositional model counting
Similarity-Preserving Binary Signature for Linear Subspaces.
similarity-preserving binary signature	linear subspaces
The Unusual Suspects: Deep Learning Based Mining of Interesting Entity Trivia from Knowledge Graphs.
deep learning based mining	interesting entity trivia	knowledge graphs	unusual suspects
Appliance Recognition and Unattended Appliance Detection for Energy Conservation.
unattended appliance detection	appliance recognition	energy conservation
Parameterized Complexity Results for Plan Reuse.
parameterized complexity results	plan reuse
Local Centroids Structured Non-Negative Matrix Factorization.
local centroids structured non-negative matrix factorization
A Reduction of the Elastic Net to Support Vector Machines with an Application to GPU Computing.
support vector machines	gpu computing	elastic net
Online Learning with Expert Advice and Finite-Horizon Constraints.
expert advice	online learning	finite-horizon constraints
Generalized Monte-Carlo Tree Search Extensions for General Game Playing.
generalized monte-carlo tree search extensions	general game playing
Radial Restraint: A Semantically Clean Approach to Bounded Rationality for Logic Programs.
semantically clean approach	bounded rationality	radial restraint	logic programs
Web Personalization and Cohort Information Services for Natural Resource Managers.
cohort information services	natural resource managers	web personalization
Artificial Intelligence and Ethics, Papers from the 2015 AAAI Workshop, Austin, Texas, USA, January 25, 2015.
2015 aaai workshop	artificial intelligence
Ontologies and Representations of Matter.
representations
A First-Order Formalization of Commitments and Goals for Planning.
first-order formalization
Spatial Projection of Multiple Climate Variables Using Hierarchical Multitask Learning.
multiple climate variables	hierarchical multitask learning	spatial projection
An Analytic Characterization of Model Minimization in Factored Markov Decision Processes.
factored markov decision processes	analytic characterization	model minimization
Impact of Modeling Languages on the Theory and Practice in Planning Research.
modeling languages	planning research
Accelerated Sparse Linear Regression via Random Projection.
accelerated sparse linear regression	random projection
Participatory Art Museum: Collecting and Modeling Crowd Opinions.
modeling crowd opinions	participatory art museum
Schematic Invariants by Reduction to Ground Invariants.
ground invariants	schematic invariants
Scaling Up Reinforcement Learning through Targeted Exploration.
targeted exploration	reinforcement learning
Learning to Cooperate in Normal Form Games.
normal form games
Computing Observation Vectors for Max-Fault Min-Cardinality Diagnoses.
computing observation vectors	max-fault min-cardinality diagnoses
Metaphysics of Planning Domain Descriptions.
planning domain descriptions
Dynamic Auction: A Tractable Auction Procedure.
tractable auction procedure	dynamic auction
From Tweets to Wellness: Wellness Event Detection from Twitter Streams.
wellness event detection	twitter streams
Hybrid Planning with Temporally Extended Goals for Sustainable Ocean Observing.
sustainable ocean observing	temporally extended goals	hybrid planning
A Dependency-Based Neural Reordering Model for Statistical Machine Translation.
dependency-based neural reordering model	statistical machine translation
Emerging Architectures for Global System Science.
global system science	emerging architectures
Automatic Game Design via Mechanic Generation.
automatic game design	mechanic generation
Learning from Unscripted Deictic Gesture and Language for Human-Robot Interactions.
unscripted deictic gesture	human-robot interactions
Predicting Text Quality for Scientific Articles.
predicting text quality	scientific articles
Large-Scale Graph-Based Semi-Supervised Learning via Tree Laplacian Solver.
large-scale graph-based semi-supervised learning	tree laplacian solver
Incremental Weight Elicitation for Multiobjective State Space Search.
multiobjective state space search	incremental weight elicitation
On Boosting Sparse Parities.
boosting sparse parities
Contract Bridge Bidding by Learning.
contract bridge bidding
Towards Continuous Scientific Data Analysis and Hypothesis Evolution.
continuous scientific data analysis	hypothesis evolution
Time-Sensitive Opinion Mining for Prediction.
time-sensitive opinion mining
A Study of Compact Reserve Pricing Languages.
compact reserve pricing languages
Online Learning in Monkeys.
online learning
What's Hot in Intelligent User Interfaces.
intelligent user interfaces
Phrase-Based Presentation Slides Generation for Academic Papers.
phrase-based presentation slides generation	academic papers
Chinese Relation Extraction by Multiple Instance Learning.
multiple instance learning	chinese relation extraction
Anytime Coordination Using Separable Bilinear Programs.
separable bilinear programs	anytime coordination
Modeling and Predicting Popularity Dynamics via Reinforced Poisson Processes.
reinforced poisson processes	predicting popularity dynamics
Integrating Expert Knowledge and Experience.
integrating expert knowledge
Ontology-Based Data Access with Dynamic TBoxes in DL-Lite.
ontology-based data access	dynamic tboxes
Best-First Search for Treewidth.
search
A Summer Research Experience in Robotics.
summer research experience
Learning Plausible Inferences from Semantic Web Knowledge by Combining Analogical Generalization with Structured Logistic Regression.
learning plausible inferences	semantic web knowledge	combining analogical generalization	structured logistic regression
Language Splitting and Relevance-Based Belief Change in Horn Logic.
relevance-based belief change	horn logic	language splitting
Factorized Databases: A Knowledge Compilation Perspective.
knowledge compilation perspective	factorized databases
MPGL: An Efficient Matching Pursuit Method for Generalized LASSO.
efficient matching pursuit method	generalized lasso
A Control Dichotomy for Pure Scoring Rules.
pure scoring rules	control dichotomy
An Efficient Higher-Order Consistency Algorithm for Table Constraints.
efficient higher-order consistency algorithm	table constraints
Regret Ratio Minimization in Multi-Objective Submodular Function Maximization.
multi-objective submodular function maximization	regret ratio minimization
Noise-Robust Semi-Supervised Learning by Large-Scale Sparse Coding.
noise-robust semi-supervised learning	large-scale sparse coding
Multi-Robot Allocation of Tasks with Temporal and Ordering Constraints.
ordering constraints	multi-robot allocation
Transfer Reinforcement Learning with Shared Dynamics.
transfer reinforcement learning	shared dynamics
Modeling Socio-Cultural Phenomena in Online Multi-Party Discourse.
online multi-party discourse	modeling socio-cultural phenomena
Image Privacy Prediction Using Deep Features.
image privacy prediction	deep features
Keyphrase Extraction with Sequential Pattern Mining.
sequential pattern mining	keyphrase extraction
Closing the Loop between Motion Planning and Task Execution Using Real-Time GPU-Based Planners.
real-time gpu-based planners	task execution	motion planning
Scalable Complex Contract Negotiation with Structured Search and Agenda Management.
scalable complex contract negotiation	agenda management	structured search
Learning Games from Videos Guided by Descriptive Complexity.
learning games	descriptive complexity	videos guided
Preface.
preface
Path Following with Adaptive Path Estimation for Graph Matching.
adaptive path estimation	graph matching
Intrinsic and Extrinsic Evaluations of Word Embeddings.
word embeddings	extrinsic evaluations
Supervised Nonnegative Tensor Factorization with Maximum-Margin Constraint.
supervised nonnegative tensor factorization	maximum-margin constraint
Sketch Recognition with Natural Correction and Editing.
sketch recognition	natural correction
EmoGram: An Open-Source Time Sequence-Based Emotion Tracker and Its Innovative Applications.
open-source time sequence-based emotion tracker	innovative applications
Uncertainty in Preference Elicitation and Aggregation.
preference elicitation
Mechanism Design in Social Networks.
social networks	mechanism design
A Framework for Resolving Open-World Referential Expressions in Distributed Heterogeneous Knowledge Bases.
resolving open-world referential expressions	distributed heterogeneous knowledge bases
New Worst-Case Upper Bound for #2-SAT and #3-SAT with the Number of Clauses as the Parameter.
worst-case upper bound
Vision-Language Fusion for Object Recognition.
object recognition	vision-language fusion
Transformed Representations for Convolutional Neural Networks in Diabetic Retinopathy Screening.
diabetic retinopathy screening	convolutional neural networks	transformed representations
World Wide Web and Public Health Intelligence, Papers from the 2015 AAAI Workshop, Austin, Texas, USA, January, 2015.
world wide web	public health intelligence	2015 aaai workshop
Optimizing Anthrax Outbreak Detection Using Reinforcement Learning.
optimizing anthrax outbreak detection	reinforcement learning
Recognizing Actions in 3D Using Action-Snippets and Activated Simplices.
recognizing actions	activated simplices
Indexable Probabilistic Matrix Factorization for Maximum Inner Product Search.
indexable probabilistic matrix factorization	product search
Robust MIL-Based Feature Template Learning for Object Tracking.
robust mil-based feature template learning	object tracking
Robustness in Probabilistic Temporal Planning.
probabilistic temporal planning
Learning Partial Lexicographic Preference Trees over Combinatorial Domains.
learning partial lexicographic preference trees	combinatorial domains
AURA: Enabling Subject Matter Experts to Construct Declarative Knowledge Bases from Science Textbooks.
enabling subject matter experts	construct declarative knowledge bases	science textbooks
A Unification of Extensive-Form Games and Markov Decision Processes.
markov decision processes	extensive-form games
Kernel-Based Reinforcement Learning on Representative States.
kernel-based reinforcement learning	representative states
Clustering Species Accumulation Curves to Identify Skill Levels of Citizen Scientists Participating in the eBird Project.
clustering species accumulation curves	citizen scientists participating	identify skill levels	ebird project
How to Train a Compact Binary Neural Network with High Accuracy?
compact binary neural network	high accuracy
Understanding the Success of Perfect Information Monte Carlo Sampling in Game Tree Search.
perfect information monte carlo sampling	game tree search
Sampling Beats Fixed Estimate Predictors for Cloning Stochastic Behavior in Multiagent Systems.
sampling beats fixed estimate predictors	cloning stochastic behavior	multiagent systems
Incentives and Trust in Electronic Communities, Papers from the 2016 AAAI Workshop, Phoenix, Arizona, USA, February 12, 2016.
2016 aaai workshop	electronic communities
Speech Acts of Argumentation: Inference Anchors and Peripheral Cues in Dialogue.
inference anchors	speech acts	peripheral cues
Robotic Self-Models Inspired by Human Development.
robotic self-models inspired	human development
Incentivizing High-Quality Content from Heterogeneous Users: On the Existence of Nash Equilibrium.
incentivizing high-quality content	heterogeneous users	nash equilibrium
Cost-Based Query Optimization via AI Planning.
cost-based query optimization	ai planning
Shift-Pessimistic Active Learning Using Robust Bias-Aware Prediction.
shift-pessimistic active learning	robust bias-aware prediction
A Temporal Mereology for Distinguishing between Integral Objects and Portions of Stuff.
integral objects	temporal mereology
Sponsors.
sponsors
Decentralized Approximate Bayesian Inference for Distributed Sensor Network.
decentralized approximate bayesian inference	distributed sensor network
Cross-Modal Image Clustering via Canonical Correlation Analysis.
canonical correlation analysis	cross-modal image clustering
Evaluating Resistance to False-Name Manipulations in Elections.
evaluating resistance
An Expressive Auction Design for Online Display Advertising.
expressive auction design	online display advertising
Structured Parameter Elicitation.
structured parameter elicitation
co-rank: An Online Tool for Collectively Deciding Efficient Rankings Among Peers.
collectively deciding efficient rankings	online tool
Knowledge Transfer for Deep Reinforcement Learning with Hierarchical Experience Replay.
hierarchical experience replay	deep reinforcement learning	knowledge transfer
Prime Implicates and Prime Implicants in Modal Logic.
prime implicates	modal logic	prime implicants
Global Climate Model Tracking Using Geospatial Neighborhoods.
global climate model tracking	geospatial neighborhoods
Finding Meaningful Gaps to Guide Data Acquisition for a Radiation Adjudication System.
finding meaningful gaps	guide data acquisition	radiation adjudication system
Sparse Perceptron Decision Tree for Millions of Dimensions.
sparse perceptron decision tree
Evolutionary Dynamics of Q-Learning over the Sequence Form.
evolutionary dynamics	sequence form
Functional Interactions Between Memory and Recognition Judgments.
functional interactions	recognition judgments
Evolutionary and Lifetime Learning in Varying NK Fitness Landscape Changing Environments: An Analysis of Both Fitness and Diversity.
varying nk fitness landscape changing environments	lifetime learning
Computing Pure Nash Equilibria in Symmetric Action Graph Games.
symmetric action graph games	computing pure nash equilibria
InSitu: An Approach for Dynamic Context Labeling Based on Product Usage and Sound Analysis.
dynamic context labeling based	product usage	sound analysis
Social Interaction under Uncertainty in Multi Agent Systems.
multi agent systems	social interaction
Learning from Spatial Overlap.
spatial overlap
Custom DU® - A Web Based Business User Driven Automated Underwriting System.
web based business user driven automated underwriting system	custom du®
SDDs Are Exponentially More Succinct than OBDDs.
obdds
The Multivariate Generalised von Mises Distribution: Inference and Applications.
multivariate generalised von mises distribution
Discourse, Health and Well-Being of Military Populations Through the Social Media Lens.
social media lens	military populations
Extended Property Paths: Writing More SPARQL Queries in a Succinct Way.
extended property paths	sparql queries
Integrating Verbal and Nonvebval Input into a Dynamic Response Spoken Dialogue System.
dynamic response spoken dialogue system	nonvebval input	integrating verbal
A Constructive Argumentation Framework.
constructive argumentation framework
MuSweeper: An Extensive Game for Collecting Mutual Exclusions.
collecting mutual exclusions	extensive game
Steiner Tree Problems with Side Constraints Using Constraint Programming.
steiner tree problems	constraint programming	side constraints
Mapping Action Language BC to Logic Programs: A Characterization by Postulates.
mapping action language bc	logic programs
Building Collaborative Strategies via Imitation.
building collaborative strategies
Towards Interesting Patterns of Hard CSPs with Functional Constraints.
functional constraints	hard csps	interesting patterns
Predicting 30-Day Risk and Cost of "All-Cause" Hospital Readmissions.
predicting 30-day risk	hospital readmissions
A Fast Pairwise Heuristic for Planning under Uncertainty.
fast pairwise heuristic
Approximate Coalition Structure Generation.
approximate coalition structure generation
Exploring the Contribution of Unlabeled Data in Financial Sentiment Analysis.
financial sentiment analysis	unlabeled data
Reinforcement Learning for Vulnerability Assessment in Peer-to-Peer Networks.
peer-to-peer networks	vulnerability assessment	reinforcement learning
Hybridizing Interval Temporal Logics: The First Step.
hybridizing interval temporal logics
Validating Domains and Plans for Temporal Planning via Encoding into Infinite-State Linear Temporal Logic.
infinite-state linear temporal logic	temporal planning	validating domains
Coupled Collaborative Filtering for Context-aware Recommendation.
coupled collaborative filtering	context-aware recommendation
Regularization for Unsupervised Deep Neural Nets.
unsupervised deep neural nets
Dialogue Understanding in a Logic of Action and Belief.
dialogue understanding
Incorporating Implicit Link Preference Into Overlapping Community Detection.
incorporating implicit link preference	overlapping community detection
Gated Neural Networks for Option Pricing: Rationality by Design.
gated neural networks	option pricing
Learning to Extract Quality Discourse in Online Communities.
extract quality discourse	online communities
Using Clustering Methods for Discovering Event Structures.
discovering event structures	clustering methods
An Effective Approach for Imbalanced Classification: Unevenly Balanced Bagging.
unevenly balanced bagging	imbalanced classification	effective approach
Learning to Hash on Structured Data.
structured data
A Graphical Representation for Games in Partition Function Form.
partition function form	graphical representation
Agents Vote for the Environment: Designing Energy-Efficient Architecture.
designing energy-efficient architecture	agents vote
User Participation and Honesty in Online Rating Systems: What a Social Network Can Do.
online rating systems	user participation	social network
Potential-based Shaping in Model-based Reinforcement Learning.
model-based reinforcement learning	potential-based shaping
Decentralized Robust Subspace Clustering.
decentralized robust subspace clustering
Ontological Smoothing for Relation Extraction with Minimal Supervision.
ontological smoothing	minimal supervision	relation extraction
Solving Seven Open Problems of Offline and Online Control in Borda Elections.
online control	open problems	borda elections
Community Preserving Network Embedding.
community preserving network embedding
Generating Plans in Concurrent, Probabilistic, Over-Subscribed Domains.
generating plans	over-subscribed domains
Numerical Relation Extraction with Minimal Supervision.
numerical relation extraction	minimal supervision
An Axiomatic Approach to Link Prediction.
link prediction	axiomatic approach
Centralized versus Personalized Commitments and Their Influence on Cooperation in Group Interactions.
centralized versus personalized commitments	group interactions
Self-Organized Collective Decision-Making in a 100-Robot Swarm.
self-organized collective decision-making	100-robot swarm
Wikipedia in the Tourism Industry: Forecasting Demand and Modeling Usage Behavior.
modeling usage behavior	forecasting demand	tourism industry
Evolutionary Rhythm Composition with Trajectory-based Fitness Evaluation.
evolutionary rhythm composition	trajectory-based fitness evaluation
Discretization of Temporal Models with Application to Planning with SMT.
temporal models
False-Name Bidding and Economic Efficiency in Combinatorial Auctions.
combinatorial auctions	economic efficiency
A Travel-Time Optimizing Edge Weighting Scheme for Dynamic Re-Planning.
travel-time optimizing edge weighting scheme	dynamic re-planning
Classification by Discriminative Regularization.
discriminative regularization
Beyond IID: Learning to Combine Non-IID Metrics for Vision Tasks.
combine non-iid metrics	vision tasks
Improving Semi-Supervised Support Vector Machines Through Unlabeled Instances Selection.
improving semi-supervised support vector machines	unlabeled instances selection
Discovering Hotspots and Coldspots of Species Richness in eBird Data.
species richness	discovering hotspots	ebird data
Commitment to Correlated Strategies.
correlated strategies
A Comparison between Microblog Corpus and Balanced Corpus from Linguistic and Sentimental Perspectives.
sentimental perspectives	balanced corpus	microblog corpus
Plan, Activity, and Intent Recognition, Papers from the 2010 AAAI Workshop, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, July 12, 2010
intent recognition	2010 aaai workshop
Question Utility: A Novel Static Ranking of Question Search.
static ranking	question utility	question search
Reinforcement Learning with Parameterized Actions.
reinforcement learning	parameterized actions
Reinforcement Learning as a Framework for Ethical Decision Making.
ethical decision making	reinforcement learning
Collaborative Topic Ranking: Leveraging Item Meta-Data for Sparsity Reduction.
leveraging item meta-data	collaborative topic ranking	sparsity reduction
Beyond Independent Agreement: A Tournament Selection Approach for Quality Assurance of Human Computation Tasks.
human computation tasks	tournament selection approach	quality assurance	independent agreement
Relating Romanized Comments to News Articles by Inferring Multi-Glyphic Topical Correspondence.
inferring multi-glyphic topical correspondence	relating romanized comments	news articles
Lagrangian Relaxation Techniques for Scalable Spatial Conservation Planning.
scalable spatial conservation planning	lagrangian relaxation techniques
Learning Instance Specific Distance for Multi-Instance Classification.
learning instance specific distance	multi-instance classification
Translation Prediction with Source Dependency-Based Context Representation.
source dependency-based context representation	translation prediction
Improving Cost-Optimal Domain-Independent Symbolic Planning.
improving cost-optimal domain-independent symbolic planning
Multi-Task Sparse Discriminant Analysis (MtSDA) with Overlapping Categories.
multi-task sparse discriminant analysis	overlapping categories
Playing FPS Games with Deep Reinforcement Learning.
deep reinforcement learning	playing fps games
Metalevel Information in Ontology-Based Applications.
metalevel information	ontology-based applications
Handwriting Profiling Using Generative Adversarial Networks.
generative adversarial networks	handwriting profiling
Easychair as a Pedagogical Tool: Engaging Graduate Students in the Reviewing Process.
engaging graduate students	pedagogical tool	reviewing process
A Utility-Theoretic Approach to Privacy and Personalization.
utility-theoretic approach
Scalable Nonparametric Tensor Analysis.
scalable nonparametric tensor analysis
Leveraging Ontologies for Lifted Probabilistic Inference and Learning.
lifted probabilistic inference	leveraging ontologies
Recommendation Sets and Choice Queries: There Is No Exploration/Exploitation Tradeoff!
choice queries	exploration/exploitation tradeoff	recommendation sets
Do Capacity Constraints Constrain Coalitions?
capacity constraints constrain coalitions
Novel Density-Based Clustering Algorithms for Uncertain Data.
density-based clustering algorithms	uncertain data
A Logic Based Approach to Answering Questions about Alternatives in DIY Domains.
logic based approach	answering questions	diy domains
Multimodal Fusion of EEG and Musical Features in Music-Emotion Recognition.
music-emotion recognition	multimodal fusion	musical features
Combining Learned Discrete and Continuous Action Models.
continuous action models	combining learned discrete
Modeling Contextual Factors of Click Rates.
modeling contextual factors	click rates
On Designing a Social Coach to Promote Regular Aerobic Exercise.
promote regular aerobic exercise	social coach
The UBC Semantic Robot Vision System.
ubc semantic robot vision system
Automatic Attribution of Quoted Speech in Literary Narrative.
quoted speech	literary narrative	automatic attribution
Optimizing Objective Function Parameters for Strength in Computer Game-Playing.
optimizing objective function parameters	computer game-playing
Representing Aggregators in Relational Probabilistic Models.
relational probabilistic models	representing aggregators
Efficient Collaborative Crowdsourcing.
efficient collaborative crowdsourcing
Online Multi-Task Learning via Sparse Dictionary Optimization.
online multi-task learning	sparse dictionary optimization
Distributed Multiplicative Weights Methods for DCOP.
distributed multiplicative weights methods
Pareto Ensemble Pruning.
pareto ensemble pruning
Nonstationary Gaussian Process Regression for Evaluating Repeated Clinical Laboratory Tests.
evaluating repeated clinical laboratory tests	nonstationary gaussian process regression
Preface.
preface
Component Caching in Hybrid Domains with Piecewise Polynomial Densities.
piecewise polynomial densities	hybrid domains	component caching
Integrated Introspective Case-Based Reasoning for Intelligent Tutoring Systems.
integrated introspective case-based reasoning	intelligent tutoring systems
Grammatical Error Detection for Corrective Feedback Provision in Oral Conversations.
corrective feedback provision	grammatical error detection	oral conversations
Salient Object Detection via Low-Rank and Structured Sparse Matrix Decomposition.
structured sparse matrix decomposition	salient object detection
Multi-Label Learning with PRO Loss.
multi-label learning	pro loss
Supervised Scoring with Monotone Multidimensional Splines.
monotone multidimensional splines	supervised scoring
Representative Explanations for Over-Constrained Problems.
over-constrained problems	representative explanations
Accelerating Multiagent Reinforcement Learning through Transfer Learning.
accelerating multiagent reinforcement learning	transfer learning
Simultaneous Feature and Sample Reduction for Image-Set Classification.
image-set classification	sample reduction	simultaneous feature
Diagnosability Planning for Controllable Discrete Event Systems.
controllable discrete event systems	diagnosability planning
On the Computation of Paracoherent Answer Sets.
paracoherent answer sets
A Probabilistic Model for Bursty Topic Discovery in Microblogs.
bursty topic discovery	probabilistic model
Causal Theories of Actions Revisited.
actions revisited	causal theories
A Generalization of Probabilistic Serial to Randomized Social Choice.
randomized social choice	probabilistic serial
Building Task-Oriented Dialogue Systems for Online Shopping.
building task-oriented dialogue systems	online shopping
Probabilistic Planning with Reduced Models.
reduced models	probabilistic planning
Learning Rich Representations from Low-Level Sensors, Papers from the 2013 AAAI Workshop, Bellevue, Washington, USA, July 15, 2013
learning rich representations	2013 aaai workshop	low-level sensors
Deep Spatio-Temporal Residual Networks for Citywide Crowd Flows Prediction.
deep spatio-temporal residual networks	citywide crowd flows prediction
A Sparse Dictionary Learning Framework to Discover Discriminative Source Activations in EEG Brain Mapping.
discover discriminative source activations	sparse dictionary learning framework	eeg brain mapping
Selecting Sequences of Items via Submodular Maximization.
selecting sequences	submodular maximization
Low-Rank Tensor Completion with Total Variation for Visual Data Inpainting.
visual data inpainting	low-rank tensor completion	total variation
DeepTutor: An Effective, Online Intelligent Tutoring System That Promotes Deep Learning.
online intelligent tutoring system	promotes deep learning
A Kernel Density Estimate-Based Approach to Component Goodness Modeling.
kernel density estimate-based approach	component goodness modeling
Aggregating Electric Cars to Sustainable Virtual Power Plants: The Value of Flexibility in Future Electricity Markets.
sustainable virtual power plants	future electricity markets	aggregating electric cars
Personalized Recommendation Based on Co-Ranking and Query-Based Collaborative Diffusion.
personalized recommendation based	query-based collaborative diffusion
Resource Graph Games: A Compact Representation for Games with Structured Strategy Spaces.
structured strategy spaces	resource graph games	compact representation
Return of Frustratingly Easy Domain Adaptation.
frustratingly easy domain adaptation
Synthesis of Constraint-Based Local Search Algorithms from High-Level Models.
constraint-based local search algorithms	high-level models
Capturing, Analyzing and Utilizing Context-Based Information About User Activities on Smartphones.
utilizing context-based information	user activities
Let Your Photos Talk: Generating Narrative Paragraph for Photo Stream via Bidirectional Attention Recurrent Neural Networks.
bidirectional attention recurrent neural networks	generating narrative paragraph	photo stream	photos talk
Deep Modeling of Group Preferences for Group-Based Recommendation.
group preferences	group-based recommendation	deep modeling
Exploiting Environmental Sounds for Activity Recognition in Smart Homes.
exploiting environmental sounds	smart homes	activity recognition
Approximate Conditional Gradient Descent on Multi-Class Classification.
approximate conditional gradient descent	multi-class classification
Dynamic Execution of Temporally and Spatially Flexible Reactive Programs.
spatially flexible reactive programs	dynamic execution
Existentially Quantified Values for Queries and Updates of Facts in Transaction Logic Programs.
transaction logic programs	existentially quantified values
Partial Matchmaking using Approximate Subsumption.
partial matchmaking	approximate subsumption
Concept-Based Feature Generation and Selection for Information Retrieval.
concept-based feature generation	information retrieval
Learning to Recognize Novel Objects in One Shot through Human-Robot Interactions in Natural Language Dialogues.
natural language dialogues	human-robot interactions
On Maxsum Fair Cake Divisions.
maxsum fair cake divisions
Local-to-Global Consistency Implies Tractability of Abduction.
local-to-global consistency implies tractability
A Distributed Cognition Perspective on Symbiotic Cognitive Systems: External Representations as a Medium for Symbiosis.
symbiotic cognitive systems	distributed cognition perspective	external representations
SSP: Semantic Space Projection for Knowledge Graph Embedding with Text Descriptions.
semantic space projection	knowledge graph embedding	text descriptions
An Integrated Systems Approach to Explanation-Based Conceptual Change.
integrated systems approach	explanation-based conceptual change
Sorted Neighborhood for the Semantic Web.
semantic web	sorted neighborhood
Efficient Average Reward Reinforcement Learning Using Constant Shifting Values.
efficient average reward reinforcement learning	constant shifting values
Jointly Modeling Deep Video and Compositional Text to Bridge Vision and Language in a Unified Framework.
jointly modeling deep video	compositional text	bridge vision	unified framework
Hybrid Heterogeneous Transfer Learning through Deep Learning.
hybrid heterogeneous transfer learning	deep learning
Active Algorithm Selection.
active algorithm selection
Real Arguments Are Approximate Arguments.
real arguments	approximate arguments
Query-Oriented Multi-Document Summarization via Unsupervised Deep Learning.
query-oriented multi-document summarization	unsupervised deep learning
Convergence Properties of (μ + λ) Evolutionary Algorithms.
convergence properties	evolutionary algorithms
Implementing Troubleshooting with Batch Repair.
batch repair	implementing troubleshooting
Evaluation and Deployment of a People-to-People Recommender in Online Dating.
people-to-people recommender	online dating
Localized K-Flats.
localized k-flats
KA-CAPTCHA: An Opportunity for Knowledge Acquisition on the Web.
knowledge acquisition
Small Is Beautiful: Computing Minimal Equivalent EL Concepts.
computing minimal equivalent el concepts
Many Bills: Visualizing the Anatomy of Congressional Legislation.
congressional legislation
Reasoning about Bargaining Situations.
bargaining situations
Assignment and Pricing in Roommate Market.
roommate market
Verifying and Synthesising Multi-Agent Systems against One-Goal Strategy Logic Specifications.
one-goal strategy logic specifications	synthesising multi-agent systems
Constrained Classification on Structured Data.
constrained classification	structured data
Clauses Versus Gates in CEGAR-Based 2QBF Solving.
clauses versus gates	cegar-based 2qbf solving
Distant IE by Bootstrapping Using Lists and Document Structure.
document structure
Evolutionary Machine Learning for RTS Game StarCraft.
rts game starcraft	evolutionary machine learning
Generalized Sampling and Variance in Counterfactual Regret Minimization.
counterfactual regret minimization	generalized sampling
On the Social Welfare of Mechanisms for Repeated Batch Matching.
repeated batch matching	social welfare
Active Learning for Crowdsourcing Using Knowledge Transfer.
knowledge transfer	active learning
Integrated Systems for Inducing Spatio-Temporal Process Models.
inducing spatio-temporal process models	integrated systems
Compressed K-Means for Large-Scale Clustering.
large-scale clustering	compressed k-means
Tightening Bounds for Bayesian Network Structure Learning.
bayesian network structure learning	tightening bounds
Adaptive Large Margin Training for Multilabel Classification.
adaptive large margin training	multilabel classification
Exploiting View-Specific Appearance Similarities Across Classes for Zero-Shot Pose Prediction: A Metric Learning Approach.
exploiting view-specific appearance similarities	zero-shot pose prediction	metric learning approach
Multi-Instance Learning with Distribution Change.
multi-instance learning	distribution change
Limitations of Front-To-End Bidirectional Heuristic Search.
front-to-end bidirectional heuristic search
A Reasoner for the RCC-5 and RCC-8 Calculi Extended with Constants.
rcc-8 calculi extended
Parallelizing Plan Recognition.
parallelizing plan recognition
V for Verification: Intelligent Algorithm of Checking Reliability of Smart Systems.
intelligent algorithm	smart systems	checking reliability
Sequence-Form Algorithm for Computing Stackelberg Equilibria in Extensive-Form Games.
computing stackelberg equilibria	sequence-form algorithm	extensive-form games
Explanation-Based Approximate Weighted Model Counting for Probabilistic Logics.
explanation-based approximate weighted model counting	probabilistic logics
Compressed Conditional Mean Embeddings for Model-Based Reinforcement Learning.
model-based reinforcement learning	compressed conditional
Indefinite-Horizon POMDPs with Action-Based Termination.
action-based termination	indefinite-horizon pomdps
Obtaining Well Calibrated Probabilities Using Bayesian Binning.
calibrated probabilities	bayesian binning
The Pricing War Continues: On Competitive Multi-Item Pricing.
competitive multi-item pricing	pricing war continues
A Symbolic SAT-Based Algorithm for Almost-Sure Reachability with Small Strategies in POMDPs.
symbolic sat-based algorithm	small strategies
Learning Sparse Confidence-Weighted Classifier on Very High Dimensional Data.
learning sparse confidence-weighted classifier	high dimensional data
A New Perspective of Trust Through Multi-Attribute Auctions.
multi-attribute auctions
Sparse Group Restricted Boltzmann Machines.
sparse group restricted boltzmann machines
Living and Searching in the World: Object-Based State Estimation for Mobile Robots.
object-based state estimation	mobile robots
Active Control of Marine Vehicles in the Presence of Strong, Dynamic, Uncertain Currents.
marine vehicles	uncertain currents	active control
EKNOT: Event Knowledge from News and Opinions in Twitter.
event knowledge
Pricing Procedure in Accordance with Characteristic of Parking Utilization - Analysis Example of Massive Parking Accounting Data.
massive parking accounting data	parking utilization	pricing procedure
Multi-Path Feedback Recurrent Neural Networks for Scene Parsing.
multi-path feedback recurrent neural networks	scene parsing
Sarcasm Suite: A Browser-Based Engine for Sarcasm Detection and Generation.
browser-based engine	sarcasm detection	sarcasm suite
The Model-Based Approach to Autonomous Behavior: A Personal View.
model-based approach	autonomous behavior	personal view
Tightly Coupled Cooperation among Independent Agents.
tightly coupled cooperation	independent agents
A Combinatorial Search Perspective on Diverse Solution Generation.
diverse solution generation	combinatorial search perspective
Efficient Statistical Methods for Evaluating Trading Agent Performance.
evaluating trading agent performance	efficient statistical methods
Predicting Latent Narrative Mood Using Audio and Physiologic Data.
predicting latent narrative mood	physiologic data
Beyond Flickr: Not All Image Tagging Is Created Equal.
image tagging	created equal
Active Imitation Learning.
active imitation learning
Solving Uncertain MDPs with Objectives that Are Separable over Instantiations of Model Uncertainty.
solving uncertain mdps	model uncertainty
Mixed Propositional Metric Temporal Logic: A New Formalism for Temporal Planning.
mixed propositional metric temporal logic	temporal planning
Learning to Efficiently Pursue Communication Goals on the Web with the GOSMR Architecture.
efficiently pursue communication goals	gosmr architecture
Toward Addressing Human Behavior with Observational Uncertainty in Security Games.
addressing human behavior	observational uncertainty	security games
Predicting Links and Their Building Time: A Path-Based Approach.
path-based approach	building time	predicting links
Preference Aggregation with Graphical Utility Models.
graphical utility models	preference aggregation
Collective Supervision of Topic Models for Predicting Surveys with Social Media.
social media	predicting surveys	collective supervision	topic models
Placement of Loading Stations for Electric Vehicles: No Detours Necessary!
loading stations	electric vehicles
Shakeout: A New Regularized Deep Neural Network Training Scheme.
regularized deep neural network training scheme
Ungreedy Methods for Chinese Deterministic Dependency Parsing.
chinese deterministic dependency parsing	ungreedy methods
Influence-Based Abstraction for Multiagent Systems.
multiagent systems	influence-based abstraction
Lessons Learned From a Rational Reconstruction of Minstrel.
lessons learned	rational reconstruction
MaxSAT by Improved Instance-Specific Algorithm Configuration.
improved instance-specific algorithm configuration
Robust Visual Robot Localization Across Seasons Using Network Flows.
robust visual robot localization	network flows
Preferential Structures for Comparative Probabilistic Reasoning.
comparative probabilistic reasoning	preferential structures
A Feasibility Study of an Approach to Extend Research Footprints.
extend research footprints	feasibility study
Seven Challenges in Parallel SAT Solving.
parallel sat solving
Invited Speakers.
invited speakers
Global Seismic Monitoring: A Bayesian Approach.
global seismic monitoring	bayesian approach
Incentive and Trust in E-Communities, Papers from the 2015 AAAI Workshop, Austin, Texas, USA, January 25, 2015.
2015 aaai workshop
Mathematical Programming Formulations to Compute Steady States in Two-Player Extensive-Form Games.
two-player extensive-form games	mathematical programming formulations	compute steady states
Latent Tree Models and Approximate Inference in Bayesian Networks.
latent tree models	approximate inference	bayesian networks
IAAI-13 Preface.
iaai-13 preface
Learning the Kernel Matrix with Low-Rank Multiplicative Shaping.
low-rank multiplicative shaping	kernel matrix
Parameter Estimation for Relational Kalman Filtering.
relational kalman filtering	parameter estimation
Affinity Preserving Quantization for Hashing: A Vector Quantization Approach to Compact Learn Binary Codes.
compact learn binary codes	vector quantization approach	affinity preserving quantization
Shortest Path Based Decision Making Using Probabilistic Inference.
shortest path based decision making	probabilistic inference
Doubly Robust Covariate Shift Correction.
doubly robust covariate shift correction
Ad Hoc Teamwork in Variations of the Pursuit Domain.
ad hoc teamwork	pursuit domain
Non-Classical Planning for Robotic Applications.
robotic applications	non-classical planning
Coalition Structure Generation: Dynamic Programming Meets Anytime Optimization.
dynamic programming meets anytime optimization	coalition structure generation
Improving Request Compliance through Robot Affect.
improving request compliance	robot affect
Computational Social Choice: Strategic and Combinatorial Aspects.
computational social choice	combinatorial aspects
Using Sliding Windows to Generate Action Abstractions in Extensive-Form Games.
generate action abstractions	sliding windows	extensive-form games
Active Learning for Pipeline Models.
pipeline models	active learning
Defining and Representing Activity Context for Systems Analysis.
representing activity context	systems analysis
Handling Owl: sameAs via Rewriting.
handling owl
Improving Learning in Networked Data by Combining Explicit and Mined Links.
combining explicit	networked data	mined links	improving learning
Parallel Gaussian Process Regression for Big Data: Low-Rank Representation Meets Markov Approximation.
low-rank representation meets markov approximation	parallel gaussian process regression	big data
Deterministic versus Probabilistic Methods for Searching for an Evasive Target.
deterministic versus probabilistic methods	evasive target
Person Identification Using Anthropometric and Gait Data from Kinect Sensor.
gait data	kinect sensor	person identification
Modeling Status Theory in Trust Prediction.
modeling status theory	trust prediction
Implicit Discourse Relation Classification via Multi-Task Neural Networks.
implicit discourse relation classification	multi-task neural networks
OPTIMOL: A Framework for Online Picture Collection via Incremental Model Learning.
online picture collection	incremental model learning
Termination Approximation: Continuous State Decomposition for Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning.
continuous state decomposition	hierarchical reinforcement learning	termination approximation
Nonlinear Feature Extraction with Max-Margin Data Shifting.
max-margin data shifting	nonlinear feature extraction
Adversarial Cooperative Path-Finding: A First View.
adversarial cooperative path-finding
Cross Media Entity Extraction and Linkage for Chemical Documents.
cross media entity extraction	chemical documents
Dynamic Distributed Constraint Reasoning.
dynamic distributed constraint reasoning
A Logic for Reasoning About Game Strategies.
game strategies
Learning to Connect Language and Perception.
connect language
Parallel Depth First Proof Number Search.
proof number search	parallel depth
Testable Implications of Linear Structural Equation Models.
linear structural equation models	testable implications
Relational Blocking for Causal Discovery.
causal discovery	relational blocking
Humans Perform Semi-Supervised Classification Too.
humans perform semi-supervised classification
Alternating Back-Propagation for Generator Network.
alternating back-propagation	generator network
Energy Outlier Detection in Smart Environments.
energy outlier detection	smart environments
The Epistemic Logic Behind the Game Description Language.
game description language	epistemic logic
Convex Co-Embedding for Matrix Completion with Predictive Side Information.
predictive side information	matrix completion	convex co-embedding
An Inconsistency-Tolerant Approach to Information Merging Based on Proposition Relaxation.
information merging based	proposition relaxation	inconsistency-tolerant approach
Will You "Reconsume" the Near Past? Fast Prediction on Short-Term Reconsumption Behaviors.
short-term reconsumption behaviors	fast prediction
Predicting Peer-to-Peer Loan Rates Using Bayesian Non-Linear Regression.
predicting peer-to-peer loan rates	bayesian non-linear regression
Online Boosting Algorithms for Anytime Transfer and Multitask Learning.
online boosting algorithms	multitask learning	anytime transfer
A Goal-Based Model of Personality for Planning-Based Narrative Generation.
planning-based narrative generation	goal-based model
Improving Multi-Step Prediction of Learned Time Series Models.
learned time series models	improving multi-step prediction
Expectile Matrix Factorization for Skewed Data Analysis.
skewed data analysis	expectile matrix factorization
Supporting Feedback and Assessment of Digital Ink Answers to In-Class Exercises.
digital ink answers	in-class exercises	supporting feedback
Automated Capture and Execution of Manufacturability Rules Using Inductive Logic Programming.
inductive logic programming	automated capture	manufacturability rules
Centralized, Distributed or Something Else? Making Timely Decisions in Multi-Agent Systems.
making timely decisions	multi-agent systems
Aggregating Inter-Sentence Information to Enhance Relation Extraction.
enhance relation extraction	aggregating inter-sentence information
A Smart Range Helping Cognitively-Impaired Persons Cooking.
smart range helping cognitively-impaired persons cooking
Modelling Individual Negative Emotion Spreading Process with Mobile Phones.
modelling individual negative emotion spreading process	mobile phones
Policy Search with High-Dimensional Context Variables.
high-dimensional context variables	policy search
Non-monotonic Temporal Logics that Facilitate Elaboration Tolerant Revision of Goals.
facilitate elaboration tolerant revision	non-monotonic temporal logics
Sparse Principal Component Analysis with Constraints.
sparse principal component analysis
Ad Auctions and Cascade Model: GSP Inefficiency and Algorithms.
gsp inefficiency	cascade model	ad auctions
A New Incomplete Method for CSP Inconsistency Checking.
csp inconsistency checking	incomplete method
From Classical to Consistent Query Answering under Existential Rules.
consistent query answering	existential rules
A Proposal for Statistical Outlier Detection in Relational Structures.
statistical outlier detection	relational structures
Motivated Value Selection for Artificial Agents.
artificial agents
Robust Manifold Matrix Factorization for Joint Clustering and Feature Extraction.
robust manifold matrix factorization	feature extraction	joint clustering
Lifted Message Passing for Satisfiability.
lifted message passing
Efficiently Mining High Quality Phrases from Texts.
efficiently mining high quality phrases
Compiling Graph Substructures into Sentential Decision Diagrams.
sentential decision diagrams	compiling graph substructures
Optimal Estimation of Multivariate ARMA Models.
multivariate arma models	optimal estimation
An Ironing-Based Approach to Adaptive Online Mechanism Design in Single-Valued Domains.
adaptive online mechanism design	single-valued domains	ironing-based approach
Towards Automated Choreographing of Web Services Using Planning.
automated choreographing	web services
I Spy: An Interactive Game-Based Approach to Multimodal Robot Learning.
interactive game-based approach	multimodal robot learning
Hybrid Tractable Classes of Binary Quantified Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
binary quantified constraint satisfaction problems	hybrid tractable classes
CoCoA: A Non-Iterative Approach to a Local Search (A)DCOP Solver.
dcop solver	non-iterative approach	local search
A Leukocyte Detection Technique in Blood Smear Images Using Plant Growth Simulation Algorithm.
plant growth simulation algorithm	blood smear images	leukocyte detection technique
Automated Online Mechanism Design and Prophet Inequalities.
automated online mechanism design	prophet inequalities
Modeling and Learning Vague Event Durations for Temporal Reasoning.
learning vague event durations	temporal reasoning
Interactive Multi-Consumer Power Cooperatives with Learning and Axiomatic Cost and Risk Disaggregation.
interactive multi-consumer power cooperatives	axiomatic cost	risk disaggregation
Visual Representations and Reasoning, Papers from the 2010 AAAI Workshop, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, July 11, 2010
2010 aaai workshop	visual representations
Planning under Uncertainty for Aggregated Electric Vehicle Charging Using Markov Decision Processes.
aggregated electric vehicle charging	markov decision processes
A Hierarchical Latent Variable Encoder-Decoder Model for Generating Dialogues.
hierarchical latent variable encoder-decoder model	generating dialogues
Give a Hard Problem to a Diverse Team: Exploring Large Action Spaces.
exploring large action spaces	diverse team	hard problem
Accelerating SAT Solving by Common Subclause Elimination.
common subclause elimination	accelerating sat solving
Anytime Optimal Coalition Structure Generation.
anytime optimal coalition structure generation
Landmark-Based Heuristics for Goal Recognition.
goal recognition	landmark-based heuristics
Hybrid Model-Based Diagnosis of Web Service Compositions.
web service compositions	hybrid model-based diagnosis
The Computational Rise and Fall of Fairness.
computational rise
A Novel Neural Topic Model and Its Supervised Extension.
neural topic model	supervised extension
Energy Disaggregation via Learning Powerlets and Sparse Coding.
learning powerlets	energy disaggregation	sparse coding
A Boosted Multi-Task Model for Pedestrian Detection with Occlusion Handling.
boosted multi-task model	occlusion handling	pedestrian detection
Explaining Answer Set Programming in Argumentative Terms.
explaining answer set programming	argumentative terms
Locality Preserving Projection for Domain Adaptation with Multi-Objective Learning.
locality preserving projection	domain adaptation	multi-objective learning
Cyc and the Big C: Reading that Produces and Uses Hypotheses about Complex Molecular Biology Mechanisms.
complex molecular biology mechanisms
A Semantical Analysis of Second-Order Propositional Modal Logic.
second-order propositional modal logic	semantical analysis
Hypothesis Pruning and Ranking for Large Plan Recognition Problems.
large plan recognition problems	hypothesis pruning
Utilizing Landmarks in Euclidean Heuristics for Optimal Planning.
euclidean heuristics	optimal planning	utilizing landmarks
RockIt: Exploiting Parallelism and Symmetry for MAP Inference in Statistical Relational Models.
statistical relational models	map inference	exploiting parallelism
Efficient Apprenticeship Learning with Smart Humans.
efficient apprenticeship learning	smart humans
Multi-Label Manifold Learning.
multi-label manifold learning
Salience Estimation via Variational Auto-Encoders for Multi-Document Summarization.
variational auto-encoders	multi-document summarization	salience estimation
Organizers.
organizers
Automatic Algorithm Configuration Based on Local Search.
automatic algorithm configuration based	local search
Lower and Upper Bounds for SPARQL Queries over OWL Ontologies.
sparql queries	upper bounds	owl ontologies
Dealing with Infinite Loops, Underestimation, and Overestimation of Depth-First Proof-Number Search.
infinite loops	proof-number search
A Theoretical Analysis of First Heuristics of Crowdsourced Entity Resolution.
crowdsourced entity resolution	theoretical analysis
A Multi-Path Compilation Approach to Contingent Planning.
multi-path compilation approach	contingent planning
Continuous Conditional Dependency Network for Structured Regression.
continuous conditional dependency network	structured regression
Terminological Reasoning in SHIQ with Ordered Binary Decision Diagrams.
ordered binary decision diagrams	terminological reasoning
Solving Constrained Combinatorial Optimisation Problems via MAP Inference without High-Order Penalties.
solving constrained combinatorial optimisation problems	high-order penalties	map inference
Envisioning a Robust, Scalable Metacognitive Architecture Built on Dimensionality Reduction.
scalable metacognitive architecture built	dimensionality reduction
Relational Reinforcement Learning in Infinite Mario.
relational reinforcement learning	infinite mario
Automatic Extraction of Events-Based Conditional Commonsense Knowledge.
events-based conditional commonsense knowledge	automatic extraction
A Maximum K-Min Approach for Classification.
maximum k-min approach
Label Ranking by Directly Optimizing Performance Measures.
directly optimizing performance measures	label ranking
Linear-Time Gibbs Sampling in Piecewise Graphical Models.
piecewise graphical models	linear-time gibbs sampling
Tensor-Variate Restricted Boltzmann Machines.
tensor-variate restricted boltzmann machines
EMPATHICA: A Computer Support System with Visual Representations for Cognitive-Affective Mapping.
computer support system	cognitive-affective mapping	visual representations
Domain-Specific Heuristics in Answer Set Programming.
answer set programming	domain-specific heuristics
Discriminative Nonparametric Latent Feature Relational Models with Data Augmentation.
discriminative nonparametric latent feature relational models	data augmentation
Behavioral Experiments in Email Filter Evasion.
email filter evasion	behavioral experiments
Multimedia Data for the Visually Impaired.
visually impaired	multimedia data
Learning SVM Classifiers with Indefinite Kernels.
learning svm classifiers	indefinite kernels
Voting on Multiattribute Domains with Cyclic Preferential Dependencies.
cyclic preferential dependencies	multiattribute domains
Recognizing Multi-Agent Activities from GPS Data.
recognizing multi-agent activities	gps data
StructInf: Mining Structural Influence from Social Streams.
mining structural influence	social streams
Riemannian Submanifold Tracking on Low-Rank Algebraic Variety.
riemannian submanifold tracking	low-rank algebraic variety
Context-Aware Collaborative Topic Regression with Social Matrix Factorization for Recommender Systems.
context-aware collaborative topic regression	social matrix factorization	recommender systems
A Semantical Account of Progression in the Presence of Uncertainty.
semantical account
Time-Varying Clusters in Large-Scale Flow Cytometry.
large-scale flow cytometry	time-varying clusters
Reasoning About General Games Described in GDL-II.
general games
Clause Learning Can Effectively P-Simulate General Propositional Resolution.
effectively p-simulate general propositional resolution	clause learning
Parallel Materialisation of Datalog Programs in Centralised, Main-Memory RDF Systems.
main-memory rdf systems	datalog programs	parallel materialisation
Gated Neural Networks for Targeted Sentiment Analysis.
targeted sentiment analysis	gated neural networks
Theory of Cooperation in Complex Social Networks.
complex social networks
Strategic Social Network Analysis.
strategic social network analysis
Multi-Task Deep Learning for User Intention Understanding in Speech Interaction Systems.
multi-task deep learning	speech interaction systems	user intention understanding
Generating Application-Specific Benchmark Models for Complex Systems.
generating application-specific benchmark models	complex systems
Towards a Programmer's Apprentice (Again).
programmer
When Can the Maximin Share Guarantee Be Guaranteed?
maximin share guarantee
Constrained NMF-Based Multi-View Clustering on Unmapped Data.
constrained nmf-based multi-view clustering	unmapped data
Coupled Dictionary Learning for Unsupervised Feature Selection.
coupled dictionary learning	unsupervised feature selection
Rigging Nearly Acyclic Tournaments Is Fixed-Parameter Tractable.
fixed-parameter tractable	acyclic tournaments
Asynchronous Mini-Batch Gradient Descent with Variance Reduction for Non-Convex Optimization.
asynchronous mini-batch gradient descent	variance reduction	non-convex optimization
On Markov Games Played by Bayesian and Boundedly-Rational Players.
markov games played	boundedly-rational players
Role-Based Ad Hoc Teamwork.
role-based ad hoc teamwork
Concurrent Action Execution with Shared Fluents.
concurrent action execution	shared fluents
Open Mind Common Sense: Crowd-sourcing for Common Sense.
open mind common sense	common sense
An Accelerated Approach to Decentralized Reinforcement Learning of the Ball-Dribbling Behavior.
decentralized reinforcement learning	ball-dribbling behavior	accelerated approach
Discrete Personalized Ranking for Fast Collaborative Filtering from Implicit Feedback.
discrete personalized ranking	fast collaborative filtering	implicit feedback
Incremental Stochastic Factorization for Online Reinforcement Learning.
incremental stochastic factorization	online reinforcement learning
Optimal Column Subset Selection by A-Star Search.
optimal column subset selection	a-star search
Efficient Spatio-Temporal Tactile Object Recognition with Randomized Tiling Convolutional Networks in a Hierarchical Fusion Strategy.
efficient spatio-temporal tactile object recognition	randomized tiling convolutional networks	hierarchical fusion strategy
A Generic Bet-and-Run Strategy for Speeding Up Stochastic Local Search.
generic bet-and-run strategy	stochastic local search
Organizers.
organizers
R2: An Efficient MCMC Sampler for Probabilistic Programs.
efficient mcmc sampler	probabilistic programs
Efficient Bounds in Heuristic Search Algorithms for Stochastic Shortest Path Problems.
stochastic shortest path problems	heuristic search algorithms	efficient bounds
Defining Human Values for Value Learners.
defining human values
Exploiting Determinism to Scale Relational Inference.
scale relational inference	exploiting determinism
Learning to Rank Effective Paraphrases from Query Logs for Community Question Answering.
community question answering	rank effective paraphrases	query logs
Information Set Generation in Partially Observable Games.
information set generation	partially observable games
Joint Inference over a Lightly Supervised Information Extraction Pipeline: Towards Event Coreference Resolution for Resource-Scarce Languages.
lightly supervised information extraction pipeline	event coreference resolution	resource-scarce languages	joint inference
A Novel Transition Based Encoding Scheme for Planning as Satisfiability.
transition based encoding scheme
On Elementary Loops and Proper Loops for Disjunctive Logic Programs.
disjunctive logic programs	elementary loops	proper loops
A New Operator for ABox Revision in DL-Lite.
abox revision
Heuristic Induction of Rate-Based Process Models.
rate-based process models	heuristic induction
Artificial Intelligence Applied to Assistive Technologies and Smart Environments, Papers from the 2016 AAAI Workshop, Phoenix, Arizona, USA, February 12, 2016
artificial intelligence applied	2016 aaai workshop	smart environments	assistive technologies
A Self-organizing Multi-agent System for Adaptive Continuous Unsupervised Learning in Complex Uncertain Environments.
adaptive continuous unsupervised learning	self-organizing multi-agent system	complex uncertain environments
Predicting the Demographics of Twitter Users from Website Traffic Data.
website traffic data	twitter users
Modeling Agent's Preferences Based On Prospect Theory.
modeling agent	prospect theory	preferences based
Agent Coordination with Regret Clearing.
regret clearing	agent coordination
A POMDP-Based Optimal Control of P300-Based Brain-Computer Interfaces.
pomdp-based optimal control	p300-based brain-computer interfaces
Human-Like Spatial Reasoning Formalisms.
spatial reasoning formalisms
Temporally Adaptive Restricted Boltzmann Machine for Background Modeling.
temporally adaptive restricted boltzmann machine	background modeling
Mining 911 Calls in New York City: Temporal Patterns, Detection, and Forecasting.
mining 911 calls	temporal patterns	york city
Repeated Sequential Auctions with Dynamic Task Clusters.
repeated sequential auctions	dynamic task clusters
Fused Feature Representation Discovery for High-Dimensional and Sparse Data.
fused feature representation discovery	sparse data
Compilation Complexity of Common Voting Rules.
common voting rules	compilation complexity
Generating Plans in Concurrent, Probabilistic, Over-Subscribed Domains.
generating plans	over-subscribed domains
Active Search in Intensionally Specified Structured Spaces.
structured spaces	active search
A Theoretical Analysis of Optimization by Gaussian Continuation.
theoretical analysis	gaussian continuation
Domain Adaptation in Sentiment Analysis of Twitter.
sentiment analysis	domain adaptation
Robust Optimization for Tree-Structured Stochastic Network Design.
tree-structured stochastic network design	robust optimization
Nonparametric Scoring Rules.
nonparametric scoring rules
A Semi-Supervised Learning Approach to Why-Question Answering.
semi-supervised learning approach	why-question answering
Personalized Donor-Recipient Matching for Organ Transplantation.
personalized donor-recipient matching	organ transplantation
Computing Cost-Optimal Definitely Discriminating Tests.
discriminating tests	computing cost-optimal
Mechanism Design for Scheduling with Uncertain Execution Time.
uncertain execution time	mechanism design
Speech-enabled Card Games for Language Learners.
speech-enabled card games	language learners
Inverse Reinforcement Learning through Policy Gradient Minimization.
policy gradient minimization	inverse reinforcement learning
Markov Games of Incomplete Information for Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning.
multi-agent reinforcement learning	incomplete information	markov games
Detection of Behavior Change in People with Depression.
behavior change
A Succinct Conceptualization of the Foundations for a Network Organization Paradigm.
network organization paradigm	succinct conceptualization
Conservative and Greedy Approaches to Classification-Based Policy Iteration.
classification-based policy iteration	greedy approaches
Visual Saliency Estimation through Manifold Learning.
visual saliency estimation	manifold learning
General Video Game AI: Competition, Challenges and Opportunities.
general video game ai
The Complexity of Recognizing Incomplete Single-Crossing Preferences.
recognizing incomplete single-crossing preferences
On the Complexity of mCP-nets.
complexity
A Novel and Scalable Spatio-Temporal Technique for Ocean Eddy Monitoring.
scalable spatio-temporal technique	ocean eddy monitoring
Improving a Plan Library for Real-time Systems Using Nearly Orthogonal Latin Hypercube Sampling.
orthogonal latin hypercube sampling	plan library	real-time systems
Learning Attributes from the Crowdsourced Relative Labels.
crowdsourced relative labels	learning attributes
The Price of Neutrality for the Ranked Pairs Method.
ranked pairs method
Grounding Natural Language References to Unvisited and Hypothetical Locations.
grounding natural language references	hypothetical locations
Entropic Causal Inference.
entropic causal inference
Solving Hanabi: Estimating Hands by Opponent's Actions in Cooperative Game with Incomplete Information.
solving hanabi	incomplete information	estimating hands	cooperative game
Predicate Projection in a Bimodal Spatial Reasoning System.
bimodal spatial reasoning system	predicate projection
Semi-Supervised Multi-View Correlation Feature Learning with Application to Webpage Classification.
semi-supervised multi-view correlation feature learning	webpage classification
Signed Laplacian Embedding for Supervised Dimension Reduction.
supervised dimension reduction	signed laplacian embedding
Adaptive Timeout Policies for Fast Fine-Grained Power Management.
fast fine-grained power management	adaptive timeout policies
Solving Large Sustainable Supply Chain Networks Using Variational Inequalities.
solving large sustainable supply chain networks	variational inequalities
An Alternating Proximal Splitting Method with Global Convergence for Nonconvex Structured Sparsity Optimization.
nonconvex structured sparsity optimization	alternating proximal splitting method	global convergence
Counterfactual Regret Minimization in Sequential Security Games.
counterfactual regret minimization	sequential security games
A Generalized Reduced Linear Program for Markov Decision Processes.
generalized reduced linear program	markov decision processes
Intelligent Email: Aiding Users with AI.
aiding users	intelligent email
Adaptive Singleton-Based Consistencies.
adaptive singleton-based consistencies
A Computational Assessment Model for the Adaptive Level of Rehabilitation Exergames for the Elderly.
computational assessment model	rehabilitation exergames	adaptive level
Recurrent Attentional Topic Model.
recurrent attentional topic model
Top-k Hierarchical Classification.
hierarchical classification
Lifting Rationality Assumptions in Binary Aggregation.
lifting rationality assumptions	binary aggregation
An Exploratory Study into the Use of an Emotionally Aware Cognitive Assistant.
emotionally aware cognitive assistant	exploratory study
Survival Prediction by an Integrated Learning Criterion on Intermittently Varying Healthcare Data.
intermittently varying healthcare data	integrated learning criterion	survival prediction
Efficient Buyer Groups for Prediction-of-Use Electricity Tariffs.
efficient buyer groups	electricity tariffs
Preferences Single-Peaked on a Circle.
preferences single-peaked
Bayesian Abductive Logic Programs.
bayesian abductive logic programs
Robust Multi-View Subspace Learning through Dual Low-Rank Decompositions.
robust multi-view subspace learning	dual low-rank decompositions
An Extended GHKM Algorithm for Inducing Lambda-SCFG.
extended ghkm algorithm	inducing lambda-scfg
Load Balancing for Hypertable.
load balancing
On the Convergence of Iterative Voting: How Restrictive Should Restricted Dynamics Be?
iterative voting	restricted dynamics
Deploying nEmesis: Preventing Foodborne Illness by Data Mining Social Media.
data mining social media	preventing foodborne illness	deploying nemesis
Forest-Based Semantic Role Labeling.
forest-based semantic role labeling
Multitask Bregman Clustering.
multitask bregman clustering
Sense-Aaware Semantic Analysis: A Multi-Prototype Word Representation Model Using Wikipedia.
multi-prototype word representation model	sense-aaware semantic analysis
Loop Formulas for Logic Programs with Arbitrary Constraint Atoms.
arbitrary constraint atoms	loop formulas	logic programs
Trust Prediction with Propagation and Similarity Regularization.
trust prediction	similarity regularization
Knowledge Transfer with Interactive Learning of Semantic Relationships.
semantic relationships	interactive learning	knowledge transfer
Non-Negative Matrix Factorization Clustering on Multiple Manifolds.
non-negative matrix factorization clustering	multiple manifolds
Binary Aggregation by Selection of the Most Representative Voters.
binary aggregation	representative voters
Human-Robot Systems Facing Ethical Conflicts: A Preliminary Experimental Protocol.
human-robot systems facing ethical conflicts	preliminary experimental protocol
Discovering Relevant Hashtags for Health Concepts: A Case Study of Twitter.
discovering relevant hashtags	case study	health concepts
Towards Structural Tractability in Hedonic Games.
structural tractability	hedonic games
A Hybrid Grammar-Based Approach for Learning and Recognizing Natural Hand Gestures.
recognizing natural hand gestures	hybrid grammar-based approach
Instance-Driven Ontology Evolution in DL-Lite.
instance-driven ontology evolution
Are Elephants Bigger than Butterflies? Reasoning about Sizes of Objects.
elephants bigger
Robust Estimation of Google Counts for Social Network Extraction.
social network extraction	google counts	robust estimation
Support Consistency of Direct Sparse-Change Learning in Markov Networks.
direct sparse-change learning	markov networks	support consistency
Grouping Strokes into Shapes in Hand-Drawn Diagrams.
grouping strokes	hand-drawn diagrams
Automatically Creating a Large Number of New Bilingual Dictionaries.
automatically creating	bilingual dictionaries	large number
The Elderly and Robots: From Experiments based on Comparison with Younger People.
experiments based	younger people
Exact Recoverability of Robust PCA via Outlier Pursuit with Tight Recovery Bounds.
tight recovery bounds	robust pca	exact recoverability	outlier pursuit
Heuristic Planning in Adversarial Dynamic Domains.
adversarial dynamic domains	heuristic planning
Planning with Numeric Timed Initial Fluents.
numeric timed initial fluents
Configuration Checking with Aspiration in Local Search for SAT.
configuration checking	local search
Predicting ICU Mortality Risk by Grouping Temporal Trends from a Multivariate Panel of Physiologic Measurements.
predicting icu mortality risk	grouping temporal trends	physiologic measurements	multivariate panel
Adding Local Exploration to Greedy Best-First Search in Satisficing Planning.
adding local exploration	satisficing planning	greedy best-
Supersparse Linear Integer Models for Predictive Scoring Systems.
supersparse linear integer models	predictive scoring systems
Minimal Mental Models.
minimal mental models
Dynamic Temporal Planning for Multirobot Systems.
dynamic temporal planning	multirobot systems
Preference Elicitation For Participatory Budgeting.
preference elicitation	participatory budgeting
Deep Music: Towards Musical Dialogue.
musical dialogue	deep music
Active Perception for Cyber Intrusion Detection and Defense.
cyber intrusion detection	active perception
A General Framework for Recognizing Complex Events in Markov Logic.
recognizing complex events	general framework	markov logic
Computational Aspects of Multi-Winner Approval Voting.
multi-winner approval voting	computational aspects
Seeing Beyond Shadows: Incremental Abductive Reasoning for Plan Understanding.
incremental abductive reasoning	plan understanding
Regret-Based Optimization and Preference Elicitation for Stackelberg Security Games with Uncertainty.
stackelberg security games	preference elicitation	regret-based optimization
Abstraction for Solving Large Incomplete-Information Games.
solving large incomplete-information games
Competition of Distributed and Multiagent Planners (CoDMAP).
multiagent planners
Partial MUS Enumeration.
partial mus enumeration
Pattern Decomposition with Complex Combinatorial Constraints: Application to Materials Discovery.
complex combinatorial constraints	pattern decomposition	materials discovery
Inductive Logic Programming: Challenges.
inductive logic programming
Planning as Model Checking in Hybrid Domains.
hybrid domains	model checking
Enhancing Semantic Role Labeling for Tweets Using Self-Training.
enhancing semantic role labeling
World WordNet Database Structure: An Efficient Schema for Storing Information of WordNets of the World.
world wordnet database structure	storing information	efficient schema
A Metacognitive Classifier Using a Hybrid ACT-R/Leabra Architecture.
metacognitive classifier	hybrid act-	/leabra architecture
Low-Rank Matrix Recovery via Efficient Schatten p-Norm Minimization.
efficient schatten p-norm minimization	low-rank matrix recovery
Efficient Haplotype Inference with Answer Set Programming.
efficient haplotype inference	answer set programming
Fast Gradient Descent for Drifting Least Squares Regression, with Application to Bandits.
fast gradient descent	squares regression
Robust Multi-View Spectral Clustering via Low-Rank and Sparse Decomposition.
robust multi-view spectral clustering	sparse decomposition
Hybrid Constraint Tightening for Solving Hybrid Scheduling Problems.
solving hybrid scheduling problems	hybrid constraint tightening
Exponential Recency Weighted Average Branching Heuristic for SAT Solvers.
exponential recency weighted average branching heuristic	sat solvers
Discriminative Structure Learning of Arithmetic Circuits.
discriminative structure learning	arithmetic circuits
Efficient Algorithms for Strong Local Consistencies in Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
strong local consistencies	constraint satisfaction problems	efficient algorithms
PAC Rank Elicitation through Adaptive Sampling of Stochastic Pairwise Preferences.
stochastic pairwise preferences	pac rank elicitation	adaptive sampling
Unsupervised Shilling Detection for Collaborative Filtering.
unsupervised shilling detection	collaborative filtering
Optimizing Payments in Dominant-Strategy Mechanisms for Multi-Parameter Domains.
dominant-strategy mechanisms	multi-parameter domains	optimizing payments
Computing Possible and Necessary Equilibrium Actions (and Bipartisan Set Winners).
bipartisan set winners	equilibrium actions
Representation Discovery in Sequential Decision Making.
sequential decision making	representation discovery
Lazy Defenders Are Almost Optimal against Diligent Attackers.
lazy defenders	diligent attackers
Spatially Regularized Streaming Sensor Selection.
spatially regularized streaming sensor selection
Towards Optimal Solar Tracking: A Dynamic Programming Approach.
dynamic programming approach	optimal solar tracking
Mapping Users across Networks by Manifold Alignment on Hypergraph.
manifold alignment	mapping users
Optimizing Trading Assignments in Water Right Markets.
optimizing trading assignments
Query Answering with Inconsistent Existential Rules under Stable Model Semantics.
inconsistent existential rules	stable model semantics	query answering
Human-Robot Interaction Research to Improve Quality of Life in Elder Care - An Approach and Issues.
human-robot interaction research	improve quality	elder care
Polynomial Optimization Methods for Matrix Factorization.
polynomial optimization methods	matrix factorization
Toward Autonomous Learning of an Ontology of Tool Affordances by a Robot.
tool affordances	autonomous learning
A Spectrum of Symbolic On-line Diagnosis Approaches.
symbolic on-line diagnosis approaches
Parallel Restarted Search.
parallel restarted search
Counting CSP Solutions Using Generalized XOR Constraints.
generalized xor constraints	counting csp solutions
A Local Non-Negative Pursuit Method for Intrinsic Manifold Structure Preservation.
intrinsic manifold structure preservation	local non-negative pursuit method
Goal Recognition Design with Non-Observable Actions.
goal recognition design	non-observable actions
Materializing Inferred and Uncertain Knowledge in RDF Datasets.
materializing inferred	uncertain knowledge	rdf datasets
Filtering Bounded Knapsack Constraints in Expected Sublinear Time.
filtering bounded knapsack constraints	expected sublinear time
Autonomous Agents in Future Energy Markets: The 2012 Power Trading Agent Competition.
2012 power trading agent competition	future energy markets	autonomous agents
Low-Rank Multi-View Learning in Matrix Completion for Multi-Label Image Classification.
low-rank multi-view learning	multi-label image classification	matrix completion
Hierarchical Modeling with Tensor Inputs.
hierarchical modeling	tensor inputs
Multiagent Knowledge and Belief Change in the Situation Calculus.
belief change	situation calculus	multiagent knowledge
Optimal Neighborhood Kernel Clustering with Multiple Kernels.
optimal neighborhood kernel clustering	multiple kernels
Fraudulent Support Telephone Number Identification Based on Co-Occurrence Information on the Web.
fraudulent support telephone number identification based	co-occurrence information
Backdoors into Heterogeneous Classes of SAT and CSP.
heterogeneous classes
Large Scale Diagnosis Using Associations between System Outputs and Components.
large scale diagnosis	system outputs
Predicting Author Blog Channels with High Value Future Posts for Monitoring.
predicting author blog channels	future posts
User Modeling Using LSTM Networks.
lstm networks	user modeling
A Framework for Minimal Clustering Modification via Constraint Programming.
minimal clustering modification	constraint programming
Tractability of Planning with Loops.
tractability
Answering Conjunctive Queries over EL Knowledge Bases with Transitive and Reflexive Roles.
el knowledge bases	answering conjunctive queries	reflexive roles
Modeling with Node Degree Preservation Can Accurately Find Communities.
accurately find communities	node degree preservation
Revisiting Semantics for Epistemic Extensions of Description Logics.
revisiting semantics	description logics	epistemic extensions
A Meta-Programming Technique for Debugging Answer-Set Programs.
debugging answer-set programs	meta-programming technique
Learning Latent Engagement Patterns of Students in Online Courses.
learning latent engagement patterns	online courses
Particle Filtering for Dynamic Agent Modelling in Simplified Poker.
dynamic agent modelling	simplified poker	particle filtering
A Probabilistic Trust and Reputation Model for Supply Chain Management.
supply chain management	probabilistic trust	reputation model
Panlingual Lexical Translation via Probabilistic Inference.
panlingual lexical translation	probabilistic inference
Knowledge-Based Probabilistic Logic Learning.
knowledge-based probabilistic logic learning
Submodular Asymmetric Feature Selection in Cascade Object Detection.
submodular asymmetric feature selection	cascade object detection
Towards Adversarial Reasoning in Statistical Relational Domains.
statistical relational domains	adversarial reasoning
A Novel Technique for Avoiding Plateaus of Greedy Best-First Search in Satisficing Planning.
greedy best-	satisficing planning	avoiding plateaus
Random Gradient Descent Tree: A Combinatorial Approach for SVM with Outliers.
random gradient descent tree	combinatorial approach
Hierarchical Planning for Mobile Manipulation.
mobile manipulation	hierarchical planning
SmartShift: Expanded Load Shifting Incentive Mechanism for Risk-Averse Consumers.
expanded load shifting incentive mechanism	risk-averse consumers
A Position-Biased PageRank Algorithm for Keyphrase Extraction.
position-biased pagerank algorithm	keyphrase extraction
I'm Doing as Well as I Can: Modeling People as Rational Finite Automata.
rational finite automata	modeling people
Robust Stable Marriage.
robust stable marriage
Extending Classical Planning Heuristics to Probabilistic Planning with Dead-Ends.
extending classical planning heuristics	probabilistic planning
Online Dictionary Learning on Symmetric Positive Definite Manifolds with Vision Applications.
symmetric positive definite manifolds	online dictionary learning	vision applications
A Case Study of AI Application on Language Instruction: CSIEC.
case study	language instruction	ai application
Preventing Illegal Logging: Simultaneous Optimization of Resource Teams and Tactics for Security.
preventing illegal logging	resource teams	simultaneous optimization
Phrase Type Sensitive Tensor Indexing Model for Semantic Composition.
phrase type sensitive tensor indexing model	semantic composition
Using Imagery to Simplify Perceptual Abstraction in Reinforcement Learning Agents.
simplify perceptual abstraction	reinforcement learning agents
The Importance of Selective Knowledge Transfer for Lifelong Learning.
selective knowledge transfer	lifelong learning
Automatic Land Use and Land Cover Classification Using RapidEye Imagery in Mexico.
land cover classification	automatic land	rapideye imagery
Modelling Familiarity for Intelligent Personalized Social Mobilization.
intelligent personalized social mobilization	modelling familiarity
Exploiting Shared Resource Dependencies in Spectrum Based Plan Diagnosis.
exploiting shared resource dependencies	spectrum based plan diagnosis
Reciprocal Hash Tables for Nearest Neighbor Search.
reciprocal hash tables	nearest neighbor search
Dynamic Multi-Agent Task Allocation with Spatial and Temporal Constraints.
dynamic multi-agent task allocation	temporal constraints
Bounding the Probability of Resource Constraint Violations in Multi-Agent MDPs.
resource constraint violations	multi-agent mdps
Fine-Grained Semantic Conceptualization of FrameNet.
fine-grained semantic conceptualization
Learning Deep Representations for Graph Clustering.
learning deep representations	graph clustering
Bundling Attacks in Judgment Aggregation.
bundling attacks	judgment aggregation
Interactive Decision Theory and Game Theory, Papers from the 2010 AAAI Workshop, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, July 12, 2010
interactive decision theory	game theory	2010 aaai workshop
Complexity of Computing Optimal Stackelberg Strategies in Security Resource Allocation Games.
computing optimal stackelberg strategies	security resource allocation games
FLP Semantics Without Circular Justifications for General Logic Programs.
general logic programs	circular justifications	flp semantics
Decentralized Stochastic Planning with Anonymity in Interactions.
decentralized stochastic planning
Transfer Learning with Graph Co-Regularization.
graph co-regularization	transfer learning
Interactive First-Order Probabilistic Logic.
interactive first-order probabilistic logic
'Knowing Whether' in Proper Epistemic Knowledge Bases.
proper epistemic knowledge bases
Reuse of Neural Modules for General Video Game Playing.
general video game playing	neural modules
A Multivariate Complexity Analysis of Lobbying in Multiple Referenda.
multivariate complexity analysis	multiple referenda
Understanding Descriptions of Visual Scenes Using Graph Grammars.
graph grammars	visual scenes	understanding descriptions
Matching with Dynamic Ordinal Preferences.
dynamic ordinal preferences
Connecting the Dots Using Contextual Information Hidden in Text and Images.
contextual information hidden
Multi-Stage Multi-Task Learning with Reduced Rank.
multi-stage multi-task learning	reduced rank
Preface.
preface
PixelLaser: Learning Range via Texture.
learning range
Characterizing Performance of Consistency Algorithms by Algorithm Configuration of Random CSP Generators.
random csp generators	characterizing performance	algorithm configuration	consistency algorithms
Strategyproof Classification under Constant Hypotheses: A Tale of Two Functions.
strategyproof classification	constant hypotheses
Lifted Inference for Convex Quadratic Programs.
convex quadratic programs	lifted inference
A Tractable First-Order Probabilistic Logic.
tractable first-order probabilistic logic
Symmetric Subgame Perfect Equilibria in Resource Allocation.
symmetric subgame perfect equilibria	resource allocation
Learning to Predict Intent from Gaze During Robotic Hand-Eye Coordination.
robotic hand-eye coordination	predict intent
A Hybrid Approach to Convoy Movement Planning in an Urban City.
convoy movement planning	hybrid approach	urban city
Optimal Machine Strategies to Commit to in Two-Person Repeated Games.
optimal machine strategies	two-person repeated games
A General Framework for Generating Multivariate Explanations in Bayesian Networks.
generating multivariate explanations	general framework	bayesian networks
A Tensor-Variate Gaussian Process for Classification of Multidimensional Structured Data.
tensor-variate gaussian process	multidimensional structured data
A First-Order Logic of Probability and Only Knowing in Unbounded Domains.
unbounded domains	first-order logic
Verifying ConGolog Programs on Bounded Situation Calculus Theories.
bounded situation calculus theories	verifying congolog programs
Online Transfer Learning for Differential Diagnosis Determination.
online transfer learning	differential diagnosis determination
Emulating the Consistency of Human Behavior with an Autonomous Robot in a Market Scenario.
autonomous robot	human behavior	market scenario
Learning to Mediate Perceptual Differences in Situated Human-Robot Dialogue.
situated human-robot dialogue	mediate perceptual differences
Recognition of In-Field Frog Chorusing Using Bayesian Nonparametric Microphone Array Processing.
bayesian nonparametric microphone array processing	in-field frog chorusing
The Likelihood of Structure in Preference Profiles.
preference profiles
What's Hot at RoboCup.
hot
Action Language BC+: Preliminary Report.
action language bc+	preliminary report
Manipulation and Bribery in Preference Reasoning under Pareto Principle.
preference reasoning	pareto principle
Solving Temporal Problems Using SMT: Weak Controllability.
solving temporal problems	weak controllability
Robust System for Identifying Procurement Fraud.
identifying procurement fraud	robust system
Q-Intersection Algorithms for Constraint-Based Robust Parameter Estimation.
constraint-based robust parameter estimation	q-intersection algorithms
Context Management Framework and Context Representation for MNO.
context management framework	context representation
Modal Markov Logic for Multiple Agents.
modal markov logic	multiple agents
Pricing Tasks in Online Labor Markets.
online labor markets	pricing tasks
Motion Planning Algorithms for Autonomous Intersection Management.
motion planning algorithms	autonomous intersection management
Relational Enhancement: A Framework for Evaluating and Designing Human-Robot Relationships.
designing human-robot relationships	relational enhancement
Don't Fall for Tuning Parameters: Tuning-Free Variable Selection in High Dimensions With the TREX.
tuning-free variable selection	tuning parameters	high dimensions
What's Hot in Evolutionary Computation.
evolutionary computation
High-Performance Distributed ML at Scale through Parameter Server Consistency Models.
parameter server consistency models	high-performance distributed ml
A Formal Systems Approach to Machine Capture, Representation and Use of Activity Context.
formal systems approach	machine capture	activity context
Online Lazy Updates for Portfolio Selection with Transaction Costs.
online lazy updates	portfolio selection	transaction costs
Representation Learning for Aspect Category Detection in Online Reviews.
aspect category detection	representation learning	online reviews
Kernel Density Estimation for Text-Based Geolocation.
kernel density estimation	text-based geolocation
Cross-lingual Propagation for Morphological Analysis.
morphological analysis	cross-lingual propagation
Linear Dynamic Programs for Resource Management.
linear dynamic programs	resource management
Reconstructing Hidden Permutations Using the Average-Precision (AP) Correlation Statistic.
reconstructing hidden permutations	correlation statistic
An Evolutionary Algorithm Based Framework for Task Allocation in Multi-Robot Teams.
evolutionary algorithm based framework	multi-robot teams	task allocation
Comparative Analysis of Abstract Policies to Transfer Learning in Robotics Navigation.
abstract policies	comparative analysis	transfer learning	robotics navigation
Supervised Transfer Sparse Coding.
supervised transfer sparse coding
Recommendation with Social Dimensions.
social dimensions
Disambiguating Spatial Prepositions Using Deep Convolutional Networks.
deep convolutional networks	disambiguating spatial prepositions
Human-Robot Trust and Cooperation Through a Game Theoretic Framework.
game theoretic framework	human-robot trust
Incorporating Boosted Regression Trees into Ecological Latent Variable Models.
incorporating boosted regression trees	ecological latent variable models
Socio-Cultural Modeling for Cyber Threat Actors.
cyber threat actors	socio-cultural modeling
The Relative Expressiveness of Abstract Argumentation and Logic Programming.
logic programming	abstract argumentation	relative expressiveness
LRTDP Versus UCT for Online Probabilistic Planning.
lrtdp versus uct	online probabilistic planning
Automatic Inference in BLOG.
automatic inference
IRobot: Teaching the Basics of Artificial Intelligence in High Schools.
artificial intelligence	high schools
Bayesian Policy Search for Multi-Agent Role Discovery.
bayesian policy search	multi-agent role discovery
A Data Complexity Approach to Kernel Selection for Support Vector Machines.
support vector machines	data complexity approach	kernel selection
Extending PSL with Fuzzy Quantifiers.
extending psl	fuzzy quantifiers
Communication-Restricted Exploration for Small Teams.
communication-restricted exploration	small teams
Verifying Intervention Policies to Counter Infection Propagation over Networks: A Model Checking Approach.
counter infection propagation	verifying intervention policies	model checking approach
Accelerated Vector Pruning for Optimal POMDP Solvers.
accelerated vector pruning	optimal pomdp solvers
Factored Models for Probabilistic Modal Logic.
probabilistic modal logic	factored models
Semantic Segmentation Using Multiple Graphs with Block-Diagonal Constraints.
block-diagonal constraints	multiple graphs	semantic segmentation
Toward Social Media Opinion Mining for Sustainability Research.
social media opinion mining	sustainability research
Between Frustration and Elation: Sense of Control Regulates the lntrinsic Motivation for Motor Learning.
motor learning	control regulates	lntrinsic motivation
POIROT - Integrated Learning of Web Service Procedures.
web service procedures	integrated learning
Responding to Student Affect and Efficacy through Empathetic Companion Agents in Interactive Learning Environments.
interactive learning environments	empathetic companion agents	student affect
Read the Silence: Well-Timed Recommendation via Admixture Marked Point Processes.
admixture marked point processes	well-timed recommendation
On the Value of Using Group Discounts under Price Competition.
price competition	group discounts
Lexical and Grammatical Inference.
grammatical inference
Leading Multiple Ad Hoc Teammates in Joint Action Settings.
leading multiple ad hoc teammates	joint action settings
Projection in the Epistemic Situation Calculus with Belief Conditionals.
epistemic situation calculus	belief conditionals
Complete Information Pursuit Evasion in Polygonal Environments.
complete information pursuit evasion	polygonal environments
Understanding Natural Language Commands for Robotic Navigation and Mobile Manipulation.
understanding natural language commands	robotic navigation	mobile manipulation
Latent Discriminant Analysis with Representative Feature Discovery.
latent discriminant analysis	representative feature discovery
A Multi-Task Deep Network for Person Re-Identification.
multi-task deep network	person re-identification
COD: Online Temporal Clustering for Outbreak Detection.
online temporal clustering	outbreak detection
Logic for Automated Mechanism Design - A Progress Report.
automated mechanism design	progress report
A Bregman Divergence Optimization Framework for Ranking on Data Manifold and Its New Extensions.
bregman divergence optimization framework	data manifold
Instilling Social to Physical: Co-Regularized Heterogeneous Transfer Learning.
co-regularized heterogeneous transfer learning	instilling social
Reacting to Agreement and Error in Spoken Dialogue Systems Using Degrees of Groundedness.
spoken dialogue systems
A Computational Analysis of the Tournament Equilibrium Set.
tournament equilibrium set	computational analysis
Ranking Scientific Articles by Exploiting Citations, Authors, Journals, and Time Information.
ranking scientific articles	time information	exploiting citations
Finding Median Point-Set Using Earth Mover's Distance.
finding median point-set	earth mover
Bayesian Learning of Generalized Board Positions for Improved Move Prediction in Computer Go.
generalized board positions	improved move prediction	bayesian learning
Social Context-Aware Trust Network Discovery in Complex Contextual Social Networks.
social context-aware trust network discovery	complex contextual social networks
A Hybrid Algorithm for Coalition Structure Generation.
coalition structure generation	hybrid algorithm
Resilient Upgrade of Electrical Distribution Grids.
electrical distribution grids	resilient upgrade
Learning Dimensional Descent for Optimal Motion Planning in High-dimensional Spaces.
optimal motion planning	learning dimensional descent	high-dimensional spaces
Quality Expectation-Variance Tradeoffs in Crowdsourcing Contests.
quality expectation-variance tradeoffs	crowdsourcing contests
A POMDP Model of Eye-Hand Coordination.
pomdp model	eye-hand coordination
Clustering with Local and Global Regularization.
global regularization
From Exact to Anytime Solutions for Marginal MAP.
anytime solutions	marginal map
The Extendable-Triple Property: A New CSP Tractable Class beyond BTP.
csp tractable class	extendable-triple property
Artificial Intelligence for Artificial Artificial Intelligence.
artificial artificial intelligence	artificial intelligence
Value-Directed Compression of Large-Scale Assignment Problems.
large-scale assignment problems	value-directed compression
Distance Minimization for Reward Learning from Scored Trajectories.
distance minimization	scored trajectories	reward learning
Building an End-to-End Spatial-Temporal Convolutional Network for Video Super-Resolution.
end-to-end spatial-temporal convolutional network	video super-resolution
Differential Privacy Preservation for Deep Auto-Encoders: an Application of Human Behavior Prediction.
human behavior prediction	differential privacy preservation	deep auto-encoders
Learning Deep ℓ0 Encoders.
learning deep ℓ0 encoders
AMRec: An Intelligent System for Academic Method Recommendation.
academic method recommendation	intelligent system
Child-Centred Motion-Based Age and Gender Estimation with Neural Network Learning.
child-centred motion-based age	neural network learning	gender estimation
Online (Budgeted) Social Choice.
social choice
Adaptive Neighborhood Inverse Consistency as Lookahead for Non-Binary CSPs.
adaptive neighborhood inverse consistency	non-binary csps
Probabilistic Non-Negative Matrix Factorization and Its Robust Extensions for Topic Modeling.
probabilistic non-negative matrix factorization	robust extensions	topic modeling
Complementing Semantic Roles with Temporally Anchored Spatial Knowledge: Crowdsourced Annotations and Experiments.
temporally anchored spatial knowledge	complementing semantic roles	crowdsourced annotations
Adaptive Localization in a Dynamic WiFi Environment through Multi-view Learning.
dynamic wifi environment	adaptive localization	multi-view learning
Efficient Computation of Semivalues for Game-Theoretic Network Centrality.
game-theoretic network centrality	efficient computation
Towards an Integrated Robot with Multiple Cognitive Functions.
multiple cognitive functions	integrated robot
From Shared Subspaces to Shared Landmarks: A Robust Multi-Source Classification Approach.
robust multi-source classification approach	shared landmarks	shared subspaces
What Edited Retweets Reveal about Online Political Discourse.
edited retweets reveal	online political discourse
Improving Event Causality Recognition with Multiple Background Knowledge Sources Using Multi-Column Convolutional Neural Networks.
improving event causality recognition	multi-column convolutional neural networks	multiple background knowledge sources
Knowledge Compilation and Weighted Model Counting for Inference in Probabilistic Logic Programs.
weighted model counting	probabilistic logic programs	knowledge compilation
Robotic Framework for Music-Based Emotional and Social Engagement with Children with Autism.
robotic framework	music-based emotional	social engagement
Adaptable Regression Method for Ensemble Consensus Forecasting.
adaptable regression method	ensemble consensus forecasting
Beyond NP, Papers from the 2016 AAAI Workshop, Phoenix, Arizona, USA, February 12, 2016.
2016 aaai workshop
Hierarchy Prediction in Online Communities.
online communities	hierarchy prediction
Basic Probabilistic Ontological Data Exchange with Existential Rules.
basic probabilistic ontological data exchange	existential rules
Automatic Assessment of OCR Quality in Historical Documents.
ocr quality	automatic assessment	historical documents
Computing Reserve Prices and Identifying the Value Distribution in Real-world Auctions with Market Disruptions.
computing reserve prices	real-world auctions	market disruptions
Unsupervised Co-Activity Detection from Multiple Videos Using Absorbing Markov Chain.
unsupervised co-activity detection	absorbing markov chain	multiple videos
Backdoors to Planning.
backdoors
Regret-Based Multi-Agent Coordination with Uncertain Task Rewards.
uncertain task rewards	regret-based multi-agent coordination
Grounding with Bounds.
bounds
Phase-Mapper: An AI Platform to Accelerate High Throughput Materials Discovery.
accelerate high throughput materials discovery	ai platform
Optimization and Controlled Systems: A Case Study on Thermal Aware Workload Dispatching.
thermal aware workload dispatching	case study	controlled systems
Dominance and Equivalence for Sensor-Based Agents.
sensor-based agents
Long-Term Declarative Memory for Generally Intelligent Agents.
generally intelligent agents	long-term declarative memory
Diversified Dynamical Gaussian Process Latent Variable Model for Video Repair.
diversified dynamical gaussian process latent variable model	video repair
Exploiting Phase Transition in Latent Networks for Clustering.
exploiting phase transition	latent networks
Automated Regression Testing Using Constraint Programming.
automated regression testing	constraint programming
Cross-View People Tracking by Scene-Centered Spatio-Temporal Parsing.
scene-centered spatio-temporal parsing	cross-view people tracking
Exploiting Submodular Value Functions for Faster Dynamic Sensor Selection.
faster dynamic sensor selection	exploiting submodular
Multi-Defender Strategic Filtering Against Spear-Phishing Attacks.
multi-defender strategic filtering	spear-phishing attacks
Multi-View Clustering and Semi-Supervised Classification with Adaptive Neighbours.
multi-view clustering	semi-supervised classification	adaptive neighbours
Fusing Procedural and Declarative Planning Goals for Nondeterministic Domains.
declarative planning goals	fusing procedural	nondeterministic domains
Automatic Public State Space Abstraction in Imperfect Information Games.
automatic public state space abstraction	imperfect information games
G-Optimal Design with Laplacian Regularization.
g-optimal design	laplacian regularization
Simpler Bounded Suboptimal Search.
simpler bounded suboptimal search
On the Extraction of One Maximal Information Subset That Does Not Conflict with Multiple Contexts.
maximal information subset	multiple contexts
Constrained Sampling and Counting: Universal Hashing Meets SAT Solving.
universal hashing meets sat solving	constrained sampling
Online SPARC for Drawing and Animation.
online sparc
Concept Learning for Safe Autonomous AI.
safe autonomous ai	concept learning
Controlling Selection Bias in Causal Inference.
controlling selection bias	causal inference
The Surveillance Window Application (SWAP): A Web-Hosted Tool to Facilitate Situational Awareness during Outbreaks.
surveillance window application	facilitate situational awareness	web-hosted tool
Music-Inspired Texture Representation.
music-inspired texture representation
Learning Adversarial Reasoning Patterns in Customer Complaints.
learning adversarial reasoning patterns	customer complaints
A Logic of Agent Programs.
agent programs
MCRNR: Fast Computing of Restricted Nash Responses by Means of Sampling.
restricted nash responses	fast computing
An Algorithm to Coordinate Measurements Using Stochastic Human Mobility Patterns in Large-Scale Participatory Sensing Settings.
large-scale participatory sensing settings	stochastic human mobility patterns	coordinate measurements
Inception-v4, Inception-ResNet and the Impact of Residual Connections on Learning.
residual connections
Programmatic Gold: Targeted and Scalable Quality Assurance in Crowdsourcing.
scalable quality assurance	programmatic gold
Virtual Structure Reduction for Distributed Constraint Problem Solving.
distributed constraint problem solving	virtual structure reduction
Lossy Conservative Update (LCU) Sketch: Succinct Approximate Count Storage.
succinct approximate count storage	lossy conservative update
Accelerometer Based Self-Discovery of Multiple Link Kinematics.
multiple link kinematics	accelerometer based self-discovery
Graph Traversal Methods for Reasoning in Large Knowledge-Based Systems.
graph traversal methods	large knowledge-based systems
An Event-Based Framework for Process Inference.
event-based framework	process inference
Microsummarization of Online Reviews: An Experimental Study.
online reviews	experimental study
Modeling the Intensity Function of Point Process Via Recurrent Neural Networks.
recurrent neural networks	point process	intensity function
On Unconstrained Quasi-Submodular Function Optimization.
unconstrained quasi-submodular function optimization
Inertial Hidden Markov Models: Modeling Change in Multivariate Time Series.
inertial hidden markov models	multivariate time series	modeling change
Learning Integrated Symbolic and Continuous Action Models for Continuous Domains.
learning integrated symbolic	continuous action models	continuous domains
Refining Subgames in Large Imperfect Information Games.
large imperfect information games	refining subgames
Human Intelligence Needs Artificial Intelligence.
human intelligence	artificial intelligence
Learning to Learn: Algorithmic Inspirations from Human Problem Solving.
human problem solving	algorithmic inspirations
Fast and Accurate Predictions of IDA*'s Performance.
accurate predictions
Algorithms for Finding Approximate Formations in Games.
finding approximate formations
Using AI for e-Government Automatic Assessment of Immigration Application Forms.
immigration application forms	e-government automatic assessment
Efficient Approximate Value Iteration for Continuous Gaussian POMDPs.
continuous gaussian pomdps	efficient approximate
Collaborative Filtering Meets Mobile Recommendation: A User-Centered Approach.
collaborative filtering meets mobile recommendation	user-centered approach
Hierarchical Monte-Carlo Planning.
hierarchical monte-carlo planning
Using AI for Olympic Equestrian Event Preparation.
olympic equestrian event preparation
Towards an Adaptive Approach for Distributed Resource Allocation in a Multi-agent System for Solving Dynamic Vehicle Routing Problems.
solving dynamic vehicle routing problems	distributed resource allocation	multi-agent system	adaptive approach
Constraint-Based Preferences via Utility Hyper-Graphs.
utility hyper-graphs	constraint-based preferences
A Case Study on the Critical Role of Geometric Regularity in Machine Learning.
critical role	case study	geometric regularity	machine learning
Decidable Fragments of First-Order Language Under Stable Model Semantics and Circumscription.
stable model semantics	first-order language	decidable fragments
Probabilistic Plan Graph Heuristic for Probabilistic Planning.
probabilistic plan graph heuristic	probabilistic planning
A Layered Approach to People Detection in 3D Range Data.
3d range data	layered approach	people detection
Modeling Reciprocal Behavior in Human Bilateral Negotiation.
modeling reciprocal behavior	human bilateral negotiation
Horn Complements: Towards Horn-to-Horn Belief Revision.
horn-to-horn belief revision	horn complements
Partial Domain Search Tree For Constraint-Satisfaction Problems.
partial domain search tree	constraint-satisfaction problems
Indefinite Scalability for Living Computation.
living computation	indefinite scalability
Disaster Evacuation Support.
disaster evacuation support
Increasing the Action Gap: New Operators for Reinforcement Learning.
action gap	reinforcement learning
AI-MIX: Using Automated Planning to Steer Human Workers Towards Better Crowdsourced Plans.
steer human workers	crowdsourced plans	automated planning
Distant Supervision via Prototype-Based Global Representation Learning.
prototype-based global representation learning	distant supervision
On Equivalence and Inconsistency of Answer Set Programs with External Sources.
answer set programs	external sources
Finding Optimal Abstract Strategies in Extensive-Form Games.
finding optimal abstract strategies	extensive-form games
Bayesian Networks Specified Using Propositional and Relational Constructs: Combined, Data, and Domain Complexity.
relational constructs	bayesian networks	domain complexity
Actively Exploring Creation of Face Space(s) for Improved Face Recognition.
actively exploring creation	improved face recognition	face space
Privacy-Preserving Human Activity Recognition from Extreme Low Resolution.
privacy-preserving human activity recognition	extreme low resolution
BeeMo, a Monte Carlo Simulation Agent for Playing Parameterized Poker Squares.
monte carlo simulation agent	playing parameterized poker squares
Collaboration in Social Problem-Solving: When Diversity Trumps Network Efficiency.
diversity trumps network efficiency	social problem-solving
SKILL: A System for Skill Identification and Normalization.
skill identification
Bottom-Up Demand Response by Following Local Energy Generation Voluntarily.
local energy generation voluntarily	demand response
Logistic Methods for Resource Selection Functions and Presence-Only Species Distribution Models.
resource selection functions	species distribution models	logistic methods
Predicting Appropriate Semantic Web Terms from Words.
semantic web terms
User-Centric Affective Computing of Image Emotion Perceptions.
user-centric affective computing	image emotion perceptions
Pseudo-Tree Construction Heuristics for DCOPs with Variable Communication Times.
variable communication times	pseudo-tree construction heuristics
Chinese Zero Pronoun Resolution: An Unsupervised Approach Combining Ranking and Integer Linear Programming.
unsupervised approach combining ranking	integer linear programming	pronoun resolution
Scaling Up: Solving POMDPs through Value Based Clustering.
solving pomdps	based clustering
FAQ-Learning in Matrix Games: Demonstrating Convergence Near Nash Equilibria, and Bifurcation of Attractors in the Battle of Sexes.
matrix games	nash equilibria	demonstrating convergence
Compact Aspect Embedding for Diversified Query Expansions.
compact aspect embedding	diversified query expansions
The State of the AIIDE Conference in 2017.
aiide conference
Visualization Techniques for Topic Model Checking.
topic model checking	visualization techniques
General Error Bounds in Heuristic Search Algorithms for Stochastic Shortest Path Problems.
stochastic shortest path problems	heuristic search algorithms	general error bounds
Signaling Games with Partially Observable Actions as a Model of Conversational Grounding.
partially observable actions	signaling games	conversational grounding
Model-Lite Case-Based Planning.
model-lite case-based planning
Proceedings of the Twenty-Sixth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 22-26, 2012, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
twenty-sixth aaai conference	july 22-26	artificial intelligence
A Simple and Effective Unsupervised Word Segmentation Approach.
effective unsupervised word segmentation approach
Plurality Voting Under Uncertainty.
plurality voting
User Intent Identification from Online Discussions Using a Joint Aspect-Action Topic Model.
joint aspect-action topic model	user intent identification	online discussions
The Turing Test in the Classroom.
turing test
Multiagent-Based Route Guidance for Increasing the Chance of Arrival on Time.
multiagent-based route guidance
On the Value of Good Advice: The Complexity of A* Search with Accurate Heuristics.
good advice	accurate heuristics
A Mouse-Trajectory Based Model for Predicting Query-URL Relevance.
predicting query-url relevance	mouse-trajectory based model
Description Logics for Multi-Issue Bilateral Negotiation with Incomplete Information.
multi-issue bilateral negotiation	incomplete information	description logics
Proper Proxy Scoring Rules.
proper proxy scoring rules
Explainable Image Understanding Using Vision and Reasoning.
explainable image understanding
A Faster Core Constraint Generation Algorithm for Combinatorial Auctions.
faster core constraint generation algorithm	combinatorial auctions
Distribution Kernel Methods for Multiple-Instance Learning.
distribution kernel methods	multiple-instance learning
An Extendable Toolkit for Managing Quality of Human-Based Electronic Services.
human-based electronic services	extendable toolkit	managing quality
An Entorhinal-Hippocampal Model for Simultaneous Cognitive Map Building.
simultaneous cognitive map building	entorhinal-hippocampal model
Symmetry Breaking Constraints: Recent Results.
symmetry breaking constraints	recent results
A Testbed for Learning by Demonstration from Natural Language and RGB-Depth Video.
rgb-depth video	natural language
Visual Search and Multirobot Collaboration Based on Hierarchical Planning.
multirobot collaboration based	hierarchical planning	visual search
Linear-Time Learning on Distributions with Approximate Kernel Embeddings.
approximate kernel embeddings	linear-time learning
Near-optimal Observation Selection using Submodular Functions.
near-optimal observation selection	submodular functions
Detecting Review Spammer Groups.
detecting review spammer groups
SAT Competition 2016: Recent Developments.
sat competition 2016	recent developments
On Information Coverage for Location Category Based Point-of-Interest Recommendation.
location category based point-of-interest recommendation	information coverage
A Restriction of Extended Resolution for Clause Learning SAT Solvers.
clause learning sat solvers	extended resolution
Definition Modeling: Learning to Define Word Embeddings in Natural Language.
define word embeddings	definition modeling	natural language
Learning Equilibrium in Resource Selection Games.
resource selection games	learning equilibrium
Informed Initial Policies for Learning in Dec-POMDPs.
informed initial policies
The Option-Critic Architecture.
option-critic architecture
On Learning High Dimensional Structured Single Index Models.
learning high dimensional structured single index models
Transfer Learning-Based Co-Run Scheduling for Heterogeneous Datacenters.
transfer learning-based co-run scheduling	heterogeneous datacenters
Pathway Graphical Lasso.
pathway graphical lasso
Measuring the Uncertainty of Differences for Contrasting Groups.
contrasting groups
Failure Handling In a Planning Framework.
failure handling	planning framework
Modeling of Activities as Fuzzy Temporal Multivariable Problems.
fuzzy temporal multivariable problems
Probabilistic Plan Recognition Using Off-the-Shelf Classical Planners.
off-the-shelf classical planners	probabilistic plan recognition
A CP-Based Approach for Popular Matching.
cp-based approach	popular matching
Multi-Task Learning and Algorithmic Stability.
multi-task learning	algorithmic stability
Target-Dependent Churn Classification in Microblogs.
target-dependent churn classification
CARe: An Ontology for Representing Context of Activity-Aware Healthcare Environments.
activity-aware healthcare environments	representing context
Spatio-Spectral Exploration Combining In Situ and Remote Measurements.
spatio-spectral exploration combining	remote measurements
An Ensemble of Linearly Combined Reinforcement-Learning Agents.
linearly combined reinforcement-learning agents
Partial Satisfaction Planning under Time Uncertainty with Control on When Objectives Can Be Aborted.
partial satisfaction planning	time uncertainty
Exploiting Causal Independence in Markov Logic Networks: Combining Undirected and Directed Models.
markov logic networks	exploiting causal independence	directed models	combining undirected
Multilabel Classification with Label Correlations and Missing Labels.
label correlations	multilabel classification	missing labels
Regret Transfer and Parameter Optimization.
parameter optimization	regret transfer
ShakeTime! A Persuasive Robotic Game.
persuasive robotic game
Video Captioning with Listwise Supervision.
listwise supervision	video captioning
Untangling Topic Threads in Chat-Based Communication: A Case Study.
untangling topic threads	case study	chat-based communication
Optimal and Efficient Stochastic Motion Planning in Partially-Known Environments.
efficient stochastic motion planning
Addressing a Question Answering Challenge by Combining Statistical Methods with Inductive Rule Learning and Reasoning.
combining statistical methods	question answering challenge	inductive rule learning
AniDraw: When Music and Dance Meet Harmoniously.
dance meet harmoniously
Lifted Inference on Transitive Relations.
lifted inference	transitive relations
Informative Subspace Learning for Counterfactual Inference.
informative subspace learning	counterfactual inference
Make3D: Depth Perception from a Single Still Image.
depth perception
Identifying and Tracking Switching, Non-Stationary Opponents: A Bayesian Approach.
non-stationary opponents	bayesian approach	tracking switching
Query-URL Bipartite Based Approach to Personalized Query Recommendation.
query-url bipartite based approach	personalized query recommendation
RAProp: Ranking Tweets by Exploiting the Tweet/User/Web Ecosystem and Inter-Tweet Agreement.
inter-tweet agreement	tweet/user/web ecosystem	ranking tweets
Discriminative Clustering via Generative Feature Mapping.
generative feature mapping	discriminative clustering
Automatic Construction of Evaluation Sets and Evaluation of Document Similarity Models in Large Scholarly Retrieval Systems.
large scholarly retrieval systems	document similarity models	automatic construction
Symbolic Synthesis of Observability Requirements for Diagnosability.
symbolic synthesis	observability requirements
Coordinating Human and Agent Behavior in Collective-Risk Scenarios.
collective-risk scenarios	agent behavior	coordinating human
On the Differential Privacy of Bayesian Inference.
bayesian inference	differential privacy
Topical Word Embeddings.
topical word embeddings
Machine Teaching: An Inverse Problem to Machine Learning and an Approach Toward Optimal Education.
machine teaching	optimal education	inverse problem	machine learning
Another Look at Search-Based Drama Management.
search-based drama management
A Probabilistic Approach to Knowledge Translation.
knowledge translation	probabilistic approach
Lifted MEU by Weighted Model Counting.
weighted model counting	lifted meu
Personalisation of Telecommunications Services as Combinatorial Optimisation.
telecommunications services	combinatorial optimisation
Multi-Armed Bandit with Budget Constraint and Variable Costs.
variable costs	budget constraint	multi-armed bandit
Scalable Feature Selection via Distributed Diversity Maximization.
scalable feature selection	distributed diversity maximization
AIBIRDS: The Angry Birds Artificial Intelligence Competition.
angry birds artificial intelligence competition
M2ICAL Analyses HC-Gammon.
m2ical analyses hc-gammon
A POMDP Formulation of Proactive Learning.
pomdp formulation	proactive learning
The Automated Acquisition of Suggestions from Tweets.
automated acquisition
Number Restrictions on Transitive Roles in Description Logics with Nominals.
description logics	transitive roles	number restrictions
Datalog Rewritability of Disjunctive Datalog Programs and its Applications to Ontology Reasoning.
disjunctive datalog programs	datalog rewritability	ontology reasoning
Portfolio Selection via Subset Resampling.
portfolio selection	subset resampling
Improving Recommendation of Tail Tags for Questions in Community Question Answering.
community question answering	tail tags	improving recommendation
Multitask Generalized Eigenvalue Program.
multitask generalized eigenvalue program
Natural Language Person Retrieval.
natural language person retrieval
A Unified View of Large-Scale Zero-Sum Equilibrium Computation.
large-scale zero-sum equilibrium computation	unified view
Towards Cohesive Anomaly Mining.
cohesive anomaly mining
Approximate Lifting Techniques for Belief Propagation.
approximate lifting techniques	belief propagation
Design of a Mechanism for Promoting Honesty in E-Marketplaces.
promoting honesty
TD-DeltaPi: A Model-Free Algorithm for Efficient Exploration.
model-free algorithm	efficient exploration
Minimising Undesired Task Costs in Multi-Robot Task Allocation Problems with In-Schedule Dependencies.
minimising undesired task costs	multi-robot task allocation problems	in-schedule dependencies
Planning, Scheduling and Monitoring for Airport Surface Operations.
airport surface operations
An Exact Algorithm for Solving Most Relevant Explanation in Bayesian Networks.
bayesian networks	exact algorithm	relevant explanation
On the Reasoning Patterns of Agents in Games.
reasoning patterns
Non-Intrusive Load Monitoring Using Prior Models of General Appliance Types.
general appliance types	non-intrusive load monitoring	prior models
TeamTalk: A Platform for Multi-Human-Robot Dialog Research in Coherent Real and Virtual Spaces.
multi-human-robot dialog research	coherent real	virtual spaces
Improving Consensus Accuracy via Z-Score and Weighted Voting.
improving consensus accuracy	weighted voting
Approximately Optimal Risk-Averse Routing Policies via Adaptive Discretization.
approximately optimal risk-averse routing policies	adaptive discretization
Combining Probabilistic Planning and Logic Programming on Mobile Robots.
combining probabilistic planning	logic programming	mobile robots
Accelerating Random Kaczmarz Algorithm Based on Clustering Information.
accelerating random kaczmarz algorithm based	clustering information
Reinforcement Using Supervised Learning for Policy Generalization.
supervised learning	policy generalization
Multi-Label Classification: Inconsistency and Class Balanced K-Nearest Neighbor.
class balanced k-nearest neighbor	multi-label classification
Distance Metric Learning Versus Fisher Discriminant Analysis.
distance metric learning versus fisher discriminant analysis
Modeling User Perception of Interaction Opportunities in Collaborative Human-Computer Settings.
collaborative human-computer settings	modeling user perception	interaction opportunities
Natural Language Acquisition and Grounding for Embodied Robotic Systems.
natural language acquisition	embodied robotic systems
Schedule-Based Robotic Search for Multiple Residents in a Retirement Home Environment.
retirement home environment	schedule-based robotic search	multiple residents
Exploring the KD45 Property of a Kripke Model After the Execution of an Action Sequence.
kd45 property	action sequence	kripke model
Automatic Label Correction and Appliance Prioritization in Single Household Electricity Disaggregation.
single household electricity disaggregation	automatic label correction	appliance prioritization
Scalable Sequential Spectral Clustering.
scalable sequential spectral clustering
Binarisation via Dualisation for Valued Constraints.
valued constraints
Organizers.
organizers
Joint Word Representation Learning Using a Corpus and a Semantic Lexicon.
joint word representation learning	semantic lexicon
DECK: Discovering Event Composition Knowledge from Web Images for Zero-Shot Event Detection and Recounting in Videos.
discovering event composition knowledge	zero-shot event detection	web images
Bayesian Active Learning-Based Robot Tutor for Children's Word-Reading Skills.
bayesian active learning-based robot tutor	word-reading skills
Word Embedding Based Correlation Model for Question/Answer Matching.
word embedding based correlation model	question/answer matching
Reusing Previously Found A* Paths for Fast Goal-Directed Navigation in Dynamic Terrain.
reusing previously found	fast goal-directed navigation	dynamic terrain
Learning Face Hallucination in the Wild.
learning face hallucination
Accounting Mechanisms for Distributed Work Systems.
distributed work systems	accounting mechanisms
An Intelligent System for Prolonging Independent Living of Elderly.
prolonging independent living	intelligent system
Position Assignment on an Enterprise Level Using Combinatorial Optimization.
combinatorial optimization	enterprise level	position assignment
A Cross-Entropy Method that Optimizes Partially Decomposable Problems: A New Way to Interpret NMR Spectra.
optimizes partially decomposable problems	interpret nmr spectra	cross-entropy method
Convex Matching Pursuit for Large-Scale Sparse Coding and Subset Selection.
convex matching pursuit	large-scale sparse coding	subset selection
Learning Sparse Representations from Datasets with Uncertain Group Structures: Model, Algorithm and Applications.
uncertain group structures	learning sparse representations
Labeling Complicated Objects: Multi-View Multi-Instance Multi-Label Learning.
multi-view multi-instance multi-label learning	labeling complicated objects
Social Choice Under Metric Preferences: Scoring Rules and STV.
metric preferences	social choice	scoring rules
Qualitative Numeric Planning.
qualitative numeric planning
Bidirectional Integration of Pipeline Models.
pipeline models	bidirectional integration
Usage-Centric Benchmarking of RDF Triple Stores.
rdf triple stores	usage-centric benchmarking
Within-problem Learning for Efficient Lower Bound Computation in Max-SAT Solving.
efficient lower bound computation	within-problem learning	max-sat solving
What if the Irresponsible Teachers Are Dominating?
irresponsible teachers
RELOOP: A Python-Embedded Declarative Language for Relational Optimization.
python-embedded declarative language	relational optimization
Unknown Rewards in Finite-Horizon Domains.
finite-horizon domains	unknown rewards
Stable Invitations.
stable invitations
Reliability of Computational Experiments on Virtualised Hardware.
computational experiments	virtualised hardware
Asymmetric Spite in Auctions.
asymmetric spite
Using the Shapley Value to Analyze Algorithm Portfolios.
analyze algorithm portfolios
Using Answer Set Programming and Lambda Calculus to Characterize Natural Language Sentences with Normatives and Exceptions.
characterize natural language sentences	answer set programming	lambda calculus
Stopping Rules for Randomized Greedy Triangulation Schemes.
randomized greedy triangulation schemes	stopping rules
Approximability of Manipulating Elections.
manipulating elections
Bayesian Matrix Completion via Adaptive Relaxed Spectral Regularization.
adaptive relaxed spectral regularization	bayesian matrix completion
Symmetric Graph Regularized Constraint Propagation.
symmetric graph regularized constraint propagation
WordNet Based Multi-Way Concept Hierarchy Construction from Text Corpus.
concept hierarchy construction	wordnet based multi-	text corpus
Fans Economy and All-Pay Auctions with Proportional Allocations.
fans economy	proportional allocations	all-pay auctions
World Wide Web and Population Health Intelligence, Papers from the 2016 AAAI Workshop, Phoenix, Arizona, USA, February 12, 2016.
world wide web	population health intelligence	2016 aaai workshop
A Multi-Pass Sieve for Name Normalization.
multi-pass sieve
Active Manifold Learning via Gershgorin Circle Guided Sample Selection.
gershgorin circle guided sample selection	active manifold learning
A First-Order Logic Based Framework for Verifying Simulations.
first-order logic based framework	verifying simulations
On Computing Maximal Subsets of Clauses that Must Be Satisfiable with Possibly Mutually-Contradictory Assumptive Contexts.
possibly mutually-contradictory assumptive contexts	computing maximal subsets
Enabling Domain-Awareness for a Generic Natural Language Interface.
generic natural language interface	enabling domain-awareness
Advice Provision for Energy Saving in Automobile Climate Control Systems.
automobile climate control systems	advice provision	energy saving
Knowledge Representation and Reasoning: What's Hot.
knowledge representation
Designing a Portfolio of Parameter Configurations for Online Algorithm Selection.
online algorithm selection	parameter configurations
What Are Tweeters Doing: Recognizing Speech Acts in Twitter.
recognizing speech acts
Deep MIML Network.
deep miml network
Extracting Influential Nodes for Information Diffusion on a Social Network.
extracting influential nodes	information diffusion	social network
Automatically Generating Algebra Problems.
automatically generating algebra problems
Efficient Lifting for Online Probabilistic Inference.
online probabilistic inference	efficient lifting
Propagating Regular Counting Constraints.
propagating regular counting constraints
Generating Chinese Classical Poems with Statistical Machine Translation Models.
generating chinese classical poems	statistical machine translation models
Phragmén's Voting Methods and Justified Representation.
justified representation	voting methods
Kernelized Sorting for Natural Language Processing.
natural language processing	kernelized sorting
Writing Stories with Help from Recurrent Neural Networks.
recurrent neural networks	writing stories
Respecting Markov Equivalence in Computing Posterior Probabilities of Causal Graphical Features.
causal graphical features	computing posterior probabilities	respecting markov equivalence
NOTES2: Networks-of-Traces for Epidemic Spread Simulations.
epidemic spread simulations
Dual Decomposition for Marginal Inference.
dual decomposition	marginal inference
Lifting Relational MAP-LPs Using Cluster Signatures.
lifting relational map-lps	cluster signatures
Single Document Summarization with Document Expansion.
single document summarization	document expansion
Interactive Task-Plan Learning.
interactive task-plan learning
From Semantic Models to Cognitive Buildings.
cognitive buildings	semantic models
Extending Tournament Solutions.
extending tournament solutions
Core-Guided Binary Search Algorithms for Maximum Satisfiability.
core-guided binary search algorithms	maximum satisfiability
Classifiers Fusion for EEG Signals Processing in Human-Computer Interface Systems.
human-computer interface systems	eeg signals processing	classifiers fusion
Multiagent Learning with a Noisy Global Reward Signal.
noisy global reward signal	multiagent learning
Mixing-Time Regularized Policy Gradient.
mixing-time regularized policy gradient
Robust Protection of Fisheries with COmPASS.
robust protection
Agent Cooperatives for Effective Power Consumption Shifting.
effective power consumption shifting	agent cooperatives
Towards Faster Planning with Continuous Resources in Stochastic Domains.
faster planning	stochastic domains	continuous resources
Tractable Interval Temporal Propositional and Description Logics.
tractable interval temporal propositional	description logics
Manipulating the Quota in Weighted Voting Games.
weighted voting games
Extending Compact-Table to Negative and Short Tables.
extending compact-table	short tables
Eliminating False Positives during Corner Finding by Merging Similar Segments.
merging similar segments	eliminating false positives	corner finding
Achieving Far Transfer in an Integrated Cognitive Architecture.
integrated cognitive architecture
Market-Based Algorithms for Allocating Complex Tasks.
allocating complex tasks	market-based algorithms
Estimating Text Intelligibility via Information Packaging Analysis.
estimating text intelligibility	information packaging analysis
Sample-Targeted Clinical Trial Adaptation.
sample-targeted clinical trial adaptation
Learning Hybrid Models with Guarded Transitions.
learning hybrid models	guarded transitions
Inner Regions and Interval Linearizations for Global Optimization.
interval linearizations	global optimization
A Happening-Based Encoding for Nonlinear PDDL+ Planning.
nonlinear pddl+ planning	happening-based encoding
Scalable Multitask Policy Gradient Reinforcement Learning.
scalable multitask policy gradient reinforcement learning
Ontological Reasoning with F-logic Lite and its Extensions.
f-logic lite	ontological reasoning
Matching State-Based Sequences with Rich Temporal Aspects.
matching state-based sequences	rich temporal aspects
Mechanism Design for Mobile Geo-Location Advertising.
mobile geo-location advertising	mechanism design
CIGAR: Concurrent and Interleaving Goal and Activity Recognition.
interleaving goal	activity recognition
Efficient Generalized Fused Lasso and its Application to the Diagnosis of Alzheimer's Disease.
efficient generalized fused lasso
Viewing Traffic Signal Control as a Market-Driven Economy.
viewing traffic signal control	market-driven economy
Possible Winners when New Candidates Are Added: The Case of Scoring Rules.
scoring rules
Listen, Attend, and Walk: Neural Mapping of Navigational Instructions to Action Sequences.
action sequences	neural mapping	navigational instructions
Continual Planning with Sensing for Web Service Composition.
web service composition	continual planning
Distributing Coalition Value Calculations to Coalition Members.
coalition members	distributing coalition
Heart Rate Topic Models.
heart rate topic models
Domain-Constraint Transfer Coding for Imbalanced Unsupervised Domain Adaptation.
imbalanced unsupervised domain adaptation	domain-constraint transfer coding
Bayesian Coalitional Games.
bayesian coalitional games
User-Specific Learning for Recognizing a Singer's Intended Pitch.
user-specific learning	intended pitch
Treating Expert Knowledge as Common Sense.
treating expert knowledge	common sense
When Suboptimal Rules.
suboptimal rules
Generalized Higher-Order Tensor Decomposition via Parallel ADMM.
generalized higher-order tensor decomposition	parallel admm
Convex Kernelized Sorting.
convex kernelized sorting
Proceedings of the Twenty-Fifth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, AAAI 2011, San Francisco, California, USA, August 7-11, 2011
august 7-11	san francisco	artificial intelligence
Simultaneous Elicitation of Preference Features and Utility.
preference features	simultaneous elicitation
An Axiomatic Framework for Ex-Ante Dynamic Pricing Mechanisms in Smart Grid.
ex-ante dynamic pricing mechanisms	axiomatic framework	smart grid
Using Eye-Tracking Data for High-Level User Modeling in Adaptive Interfaces.
high-level user modeling	eye-tracking data	adaptive interfaces
Learning Goal-Oriented Hierarchical Tasks from Situated Interactive Instruction.
learning goal-oriented hierarchical tasks	situated interactive instruction
Robust Text Classification in the Presence of Confounding Bias.
robust text classification	confounding bias
Incremental Update of Datalog Materialisation: the Backward/Forward Algorithm.
incremental update	datalog materialisation	backward/forward algorithm
A Stochastic Model for Detecting Heterogeneous Link Communities in Complex Networks.
detecting heterogeneous link communities	stochastic model	complex networks
Estimating Temporal Dynamics of Human Emotions.
estimating temporal dynamics	human emotions
Real-Time Predictive Optimization for Energy Management in a Hybrid Electric Vehicle.
hybrid electric vehicle	real-time predictive optimization	energy management
Semi-supervised Classification Using Local and Global Regularization.
global regularization	semi-supervised classification
Reducing Particle Filtering Complexity for 3D Motion Capture using Dynamic Bayesian Networks.
reducing particle filtering complexity	3d motion capture	dynamic bayesian networks
A Mathematical Programming Formulation for Sparse Collaborative Computer Aided Diagnosis.
sparse collaborative computer aided diagnosis	mathematical programming formulation
"Is It Rectangular?" Using I Spy as an Interactive, Game-Based Approach to Multimodal Robot Learning.
multimodal robot learning	game-based approach
Golem Chesster: Autonomous Manipulation for Human-Robot Chess.
golem chesster	autonomous manipulation	human-robot chess
Strategic Signaling and Free Information Disclosure in Auctions.
free information disclosure	strategic signaling
Personalized Reasoner Based on Belief Strengths of Information Sources.
personalized reasoner based	information sources	belief strengths
Uncorrelated Group LASSO.
uncorrelated group lasso
Belief Revision Games.
belief revision games
Sparse Compositional Metric Learning.
sparse compositional metric learning
Scholarly Big Data: AI Perspectives, Challenges, and Ideas, Papers from the 2016 AAAI Workshop, Phoenix, Arizona, USA, February 13, 2016.
scholarly big data	2016 aaai workshop	ai perspectives
Stable Model Counting and Its Application in Probabilistic Logic Programming.
stable model counting	probabilistic logic programming
Sherlock: Scalable Fact Learning in Images.
scalable fact learning
Distributed Robust Execution of Qualitative State Plan with Chance Constraints.
qualitative state plan	distributed robust execution	chance constraints
Zero-Shot Event Detection by Multimodal Distributional Semantic Embedding of Videos.
multimodal distributional semantic embedding	zero-shot event detection
Algorithms for Deciding Counting Quantifiers over Unary Predicates.
deciding counting quantifiers	unary predicates
Elimination Ordering in Lifted First-Order Probabilistic Inference.
lifted first-order probabilistic inference	elimination ordering
Binary Embedding with Additive Homogeneous Kernels.
additive homogeneous kernels	binary embedding
A Joint Optimization Model for Image Summarization Based on Image Content and Tags.
joint optimization model	image summarization based	image content
Learning to Answer Questions from Image Using Convolutional Neural Network.
convolutional neural network	answer questions
Knowledge-Driven Learning and Discovery.
knowledge-driven learning
The Dollar Auction with Spiteful Players.
spiteful players	dollar auction
Co-Training Based Bilingual Sentiment Lexicon Learning.
co-training based bilingual sentiment lexicon learning
Deep Learning for Algorithm Portfolios.
deep learning	algorithm portfolios
From Qualitative to Quantitative Proofs of Security Properties Using First-Order Conditional Logic.
first-order conditional logic	quantitative proofs	security properties
Metric Embedded Discriminative Vocabulary Learning for High-Level Person Representation.
metric embedded discriminative vocabulary learning	high-level person representation
Predicting Disease Transmission from Geo-Tagged Micro-Blog Data.
predicting disease transmission	geo-tagged micro-blog data
Strong Nash Equilibrium Is in Smoothed P.
strong nash equilibrium
Implementing the Maximum of Monotone Algorithms.
monotone algorithms
Unsupervised Lexical Simplification for Non-Native Speakers.
unsupervised lexical simplification	non-native speakers
Bounding the Support Size in Extensive Form Games with Imperfect Information.
extensive form games	support size	imperfect information
Assumption-Based Planning: Generating Plans and Explanations under Incomplete Knowledge.
generating plans	incomplete knowledge	assumption-based planning
Labeling the Semantic Roles of Commas.
semantic roles
Using a Trust Model in Decision Making for Supply Chain Management.
supply chain management	trust model	decision making
On the Power of Top-Down Branching Heuristics.
branching heuristics
Sequential Decision Making with Rank Dependent Utility: A Minimax Regret Approach.
sequential decision making	rank dependent utility	minimax regret approach
Rounded Dynamic Programming for Tree-Structured Stochastic Network Design.
tree-structured stochastic network design	rounded dynamic programming
Preferences Single-Peaked on Nice Trees.
preferences single-peaked	nice trees
Data-Driven Approximations to NP-Hard Problems.
data-driven approximations	np-hard problems
Direct Discriminative Bag Mapping for Multi-Instance Learning.
direct discriminative bag mapping	multi-instance learning
Clustering via Random Walk Hitting Time on Directed Graphs.
random walk hitting time	directed graphs
Collective Nominal Semantic Role Labeling for Tweets.
collective nominal semantic role labeling
Learning Multi-Level Task Groups in Multi-Task Learning.
learning multi-level task groups	multi-task learning
Last-Mile Restoration for Multiple Interdependent Infrastructures.
multiple interdependent infrastructures	last-mile restoration
Large-Scale Hierarchical Classification via Stochastic Perceptron.
large-scale hierarchical classification	stochastic perceptron
Semi-Supervised Multinomial Naive Bayes for Text Classification by Leveraging Word-Level Statistical Constraint.
leveraging word-level statistical constraint	semi-supervised multinomial naive bayes	text classification
Exploring Key Concept Paraphrasing Based on Pivot Language Translation for Question Retrieval.
exploring key concept paraphrasing based	pivot language translation	question retrieval
Dynamic Multiagent Resource Allocation: Integrating Auctions and MDPs for Real-Time Decisions.
dynamic multiagent resource allocation	real-time decisions	integrating auctions
Joint Learning of Structural and Textual Features for Web Scale Event Extraction.
web scale event extraction	textual features	joint learning
Maximum Entropy Context Models for Ranking Biographical Answers to Open-Domain Definition Questions.
maximum entropy context models	ranking biographical answers	open-domain definition questions
An Integrated Reasoning Approach to Moral Decision-Making.
integrated reasoning approach	moral decision-making
Honesty in an Online Labor Market.
online labor market
Benchmarking Ontology-Based Query Rewriting Systems.
benchmarking ontology-based query rewriting systems
Achieving Stable and Fair Profit Allocation with Minimum Subsidy in Collaborative Logistics.
fair profit allocation	minimum subsidy	achieving stable	collaborative logistics
Predicting Spatio-Temporal Propagation of Seasonal Influenza Using Variational Gaussian Process Regression.
variational gaussian process regression	predicting spatio-temporal propagation	seasonal influenza
A Deep Architecture for Semantic Matching with Multiple Positional Sentence Representations.
multiple positional sentence representations	semantic matching	deep architecture
A Stronger Consistency for Soft Global Constraints in Weighted Constraint Satisfaction.
weighted constraint satisfaction	soft global constraints	stronger consistency
Accuracy and Timeliness in ML Based Activity Recognition.
ml based activity recognition
Automated Action Abstraction of Imperfect Information Extensive-Form Games.
imperfect information extensive-form games	automated action abstraction
Improved Neural Machine Translation with SMT Features.
improved neural machine translation	smt features
A Global Constraint for Bin-Packing with Precedences: Application to the Assembly Line Balancing Problem.
assembly line balancing problem	global constraint
Capabilities in Heterogeneous Multi-Robot Systems.
heterogeneous multi-robot systems
A Framework for Ontology-Based Service Selection in Dynamic Environments.
ontology-based service selection	dynamic environments
How to Cut a Cake Before the Party Ends.
party ends
Strategyproof Mechanisms for One-Dimensional Hybrid and Obnoxious Facility Location Models.
obnoxious facility location models	one-dimensional hybrid	strategyproof mechanisms
Spatio-Temporal Signatures of User-Centric Data: How Similar Are We?
user-centric data	spatio-temporal signatures
Mobile, Collaborative, Context-Aware Systems.
context-aware systems
Answering Counting Aggregate Queries over Ontologies of the DL-Lite Family.
answering counting aggregate queries	dl-lite family
Joint Morphological Generation and Syntactic Linearization.
joint morphological generation	syntactic linearization
A Deeper Empirical Analysis of CBP Algorithm: Grounding Is the Bottleneck.
deeper empirical analysis	cbp algorithm
A Unified Framework for Augmented Reality and Knowledge-Based Systems in Maintaining Aircraft.
knowledge-based systems	augmented reality	maintaining aircraft	unified framework
Semantic Proximity Search on Heterogeneous Graph by Proximity Embedding.
semantic proximity search	proximity embedding	heterogeneous graph
A Search Algorithm for Latent Variable Models with Unbounded Domains.
latent variable models	search algorithm	unbounded domains
Movie Recommender System for Profit Maximization (Short LBP).
movie recommender system	profit maximization	short lbp
Online and Stochastic Learning with a Human Cognitive Bias.
human cognitive bias	stochastic learning
Ordering-Sensitive and Semantic-Aware Topic Modeling.
semantic-aware topic modeling
A Comparison of Lex Bounds for Multiset Variables in Constraint Programming.
lex bounds	multiset variables	constraint programming
A Topic Model for Linked Documents and Update Rules for its Estimation.
update rules	topic model	linked documents
Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation Using Superpixel Pooling Network.
weakly supervised semantic segmentation	superpixel pooling network
Learning Deep Convolutional Neural Networks for X-Ray Protein Crystallization Image Analysis.
learning deep convolutional neural networks	x-ray protein crystallization image analysis
The Role and Identification of Dialog Acts in Online Chat.
dialog acts	online chat
Learning Sparse Task Relations in Multi-Task Learning.
learning sparse task relations	multi-task learning
Convolutional Neural Networks over Tree Structures for Programming Language Processing.
convolutional neural networks	programming language processing	tree structures
Compressing POMDPs Using Locality Preserving Non-Negative Matrix Factorization.
locality preserving non-negative matrix factorization	compressing pomdps
Leveraging Video Descriptions to Learn Video Question Answering.
learn video question answering	leveraging video descriptions
The Budgeted Biomarker Discovery Problem: A Variant of Association Studies.
budgeted biomarker discovery problem	association studies
Multi-Document Summarization Based on Two-Level Sparse Representation Model.
two-level sparse representation model	multi-document summarization based
Scalable Semantic Retrieval through Summarization and Refinement.
scalable semantic retrieval
Integrating Natural Language, Knowledge Representation and Reasoning, and Analogical Processing to Learn by Reading.
integrating natural language	knowledge representation	analogical processing
Combining Satellite Imagery and Open Data to Map Road Safety.
combining satellite imagery	map road safety	open data
To Swap or Not to Swap? Exploiting Dependency Word Pairs for Reordering in Statistical Machine Translation.
exploiting dependency word pairs	statistical machine translation
A General Efficient Hyperparameter-Free Algorithm for Convolutional Sparse Learning.
general efficient hyperparameter-free algorithm	convolutional sparse learning
The Benefits of an Ontological Patient Model in Clinical Decision-Support.
ontological patient model	clinical decision-support
Semantic Search in Linked Data: Opportunities and Challenges.
linked data	semantic search
Abductive Markov Logic for Plan Recognition.
abductive markov logic	plan recognition
Bilingual Lexicon Induction from Non-Parallel Data with Minimal Supervision.
bilingual lexicon induction	minimal supervision	non-parallel data
Combining Multiple Correlated Reward and Shaping Signals by Measuring Confidence.
combining multiple correlated reward	measuring confidence	shaping signals
Towards Knowledge-Driven Annotation.
knowledge-driven annotation
Trading Space for Time in Grid-Based Path Finding.
grid-based path finding	trading space
From a Scholarly Big Dataset to a Test Collection for Bibliographic Citation Recommendation.
bibliographic citation recommendation	scholarly big dataset	test collection
Active Inference and Dynamic Gaussian Bayesian Networks for Battery Optimization in Wireless Sensor Networks.
dynamic gaussian bayesian networks	wireless sensor networks	battery optimization	active inference
An Efficient Simulation-Based Approach to Ambulance Fleet Allocation and Dynamic Redeployment.
efficient simulation-based approach	ambulance fleet allocation	dynamic redeployment
Placing Influencing Agents in a Flock.
placing influencing agents
Identifying Adverse Drug Events by Relational Learning.
identifying adverse drug events	relational learning
Representing Context Using the Context for Human and Automation Teams Model.
automation teams model
Voting Rules As Error-Correcting Codes.
voting rules	error-correcting codes
Adaptive Traitor Tracing with Bayesian Networks.
adaptive traitor tracing	bayesian networks
Query-Efficient Imitation Learning for End-to-End Simulated Driving.
query-efficient imitation learning	end-to-end simulated driving
The Most Uncreative Examinee: A First Step toward Wide Coverage Natural Language Math Problem Solving.
wide coverage natural language math problem solving	uncreative examinee
Cooperative Virtual Power Plant Formation Using Scoring Rules.
cooperative virtual power plant formation	scoring rules
Elections with Few Voters: Candidate Control Can Be Easy.
candidate control
Joint Inference in Information Extraction.
joint inference	information extraction
Embedding Ethical Principles in Collective Decision Support Systems.
collective decision support systems	embedding ethical principles
Temporally Expressive Planning Based on Answer Set Programming with Constraints.
temporally expressive planning based	answer set programming
Reasoning about the Appropriateness of Proponents for Arguments.
proponents
Reactive Versus Anticipative Decision Making in a Novel Gift-Giving Game.
reactive versus anticipative decision making	gift-giving game
Learning the Preferences of Ignorant, Inconsistent Agents.
inconsistent agents
Dynamic Controllability of Disjunctive Temporal Networks: Validation and Synthesis of Executable Strategies.
disjunctive temporal networks	dynamic controllability	executable strategies
A Two-Dimensional Topic-Aspect Model for Discovering Multi-Faceted Topics.
discovering multi-faceted topics	two-dimensional topic-aspect model
Internally Stable Matchings and Exchanges.
internally stable matchings
Tolerable Manipulability in Dynamic Assignment without Money.
tolerable manipulability	dynamic assignment
Adapting Plans through Communication with Unknown Teammates.
unknown teammates	adapting plans
Game Theory Pragmatics: A Challenge for AI.
game theory pragmatics
COACH - Cumulative Online Algorithm for Classification of Handwriting Deficiencies.
cumulative online algorithm	handwriting deficiencies
Transfer Learning for Deep Learning on Graph-Structured Data.
deep learning	transfer learning	graph-structured data
Double-Bit Quantization for Hashing.
double-bit quantization
Generating Diverse Plans Using Quantitative and Qualitative Plan Distance Metrics.
qualitative plan distance metrics	generating diverse plans
Every Team Deserves a Second Chance: Identifying When Things Go Wrong (Student Abstract Version).
student abstract version	team deserves
V-MIN: Efficient Reinforcement Learning through Demonstrations and Relaxed Reward Demands.
relaxed reward demands	efficient reinforcement learning
Text-Guided Attention Model for Image Captioning.
text-guided attention model	image captioning
Every Team Makes Mistakes: An Initial Report on Predicting Failure in Teamwork.
team makes mistakes	initial report	predicting failure
Autonomous Robot Skill Acquisition.
autonomous robot skill acquisition
Species Distribution Modeling of Citizen Science Data as a Classification Problem with Class-Conditional Noise.
species distribution modeling	citizen science data	classification problem	class-conditional noise
How Good is Almost Perfect?.
perfect
Multi-Target Detection and Recognition by UAVs Using Online POMDPs.
multi-target detection	online pomdps
Extracting Topical Phrases from Clinical Documents.
extracting topical phrases	clinical documents
Pose-Dependent Low-Rank Embedding for Head Pose Estimation.
head pose estimation	pose-dependent low-rank embedding
High-Order Stochastic Gradient Thermostats for Bayesian Learning of Deep Models.
high-order stochastic gradient thermostats	deep models	bayesian learning
On Possible Applications of Rough Mereology to Handling Granularity in Ontological Knowledge.
ontological knowledge	rough mereology	handling granularity
Optimal Packing of High-Precision Rectangles.
optimal packing	high-precision rectangles
GRIN: A Graph Based RDF Index.
graph based rdf index
Supervised Hashing via Uncorrelated Component Analysis.
uncorrelated component analysis	supervised hashing
Learning to Branch in Mixed Integer Programming.
mixed integer programming
Identifying Missing Node Information in Social Networks.
identifying missing node information	social networks
Discovering Constraints for Inductive Process Modeling.
inductive process modeling	discovering constraints
On Integrating Ontologies with Relational Probabilistic Models.
relational probabilistic models	integrating ontologies
Search Algorithms for m Best Solutions for Graphical Models.
graphical models	search algorithms
Envy-Free Cake-Cutting in Two Dimensions.
envy-free cake-cutting
Non-CNF QBF Solving with QCIR.
non-cnf qbf solving
Ranking Tweets by Labeled and Collaboratively Selected Pairs with Transitive Closure.
collaboratively selected pairs	transitive closure	ranking tweets
Efficient Context-Free Grammar Constraints.
efficient context-free grammar constraints
Coactive Critiquing: Elicitation of Preferences and Features.
coactive critiquing
Recognizing Plans with Loops Represented in a Lexicalized Grammar.
lexicalized grammar	recognizing plans	loops represented
Diagnosis of Discrete-Event Systems Using Satisfiability Algorithms.
satisfiability algorithms	discrete-event systems
How Important Is Weight Symmetry in Backpropagation?
weight symmetry
Learning Discriminative Activated Simplices for Action Recognition.
learning discriminative activated simplices	action recognition
Proceedings of the Twenty-Third AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, AAAI 2008, Chicago, Illinois, USA, July 13-17, 2008
july 13-17	artificial intelligence
Bounding the False Discovery Rate in Local Bayesian Network Learning.
local bayesian network learning	false discovery rate
Multi-Observation Sensor Resetting Localization with Ambiguous Landmarks.
multi-observation sensor resetting localization	ambiguous landmarks
An Analysis of Transformational Analogy: General Framework and Complexity.
general framework	transformational analogy
Extracting Student Models for Intelligent Tutoring Systems.
intelligent tutoring systems	extracting student models
Social Capital in Network Organizations.
social capital	network organizations
Instance-Based Online Learning of Deterministic Relational Action Models.
deterministic relational action models	instance-based online learning
Perpetual Learning for Non-Cooperative Multiple Agents.
non-cooperative multiple agents	perpetual learning
Negative Influence Minimizing by Blocking Nodes in Social Networks.
negative influence minimizing	blocking nodes	social networks
Automatic Topic Discovery for Multi-Object Tracking.
automatic topic discovery	multi-object tracking
Unsupervised Cluster Matching via Probabilistic Latent Variable Models.
probabilistic latent variable models	unsupervised cluster matching
Flexible and Scalable Partially Observable Planning with Linear Translations.
scalable partially observable planning	linear translations
Harvesting Relations from the Web - Quantifiying the Impact of Filtering Functions.
filtering functions	harvesting relations
Resource Constrained Structured Prediction.
resource constrained structured prediction
Effects of Representation on Solving Complex Spatial-Temporal Problems.
solving complex spatial-temporal problems
Constructive Geometric Constraint Solving as a General Framework for KR-Based Declarative Spatial Reasoning.
constructive geometric constraint solving	kr-based declarative spatial reasoning	general framework
The Semantics of Variables in Action Descriptions.
action descriptions
GTPA: A Generative Model For Online Mentor-Apprentice Networks.
online mentor-apprentice networks	generative model
Optimizing Infrastructure Enhancements for Evacuation Planning.
optimizing infrastructure enhancements	evacuation planning
The l2, 1-Norm Stacked Robust Autoencoders for Domain Adaptation.
1-norm stacked robust autoencoders	domain adaptation
A Functional Analysis of Historical Memory Retrieval Bias in the Word Sense Disambiguation Task.
historical memory retrieval bias	word sense disambiguation task	functional analysis
Extracting Bounded-Level Modules from Deductive RDF Triplestores.
extracting bounded-level modules	deductive rdf triplestores
Solving Peg Solitaire with Bidirectional BFIDA.
solving peg solitaire	bidirectional bfida
Combining Multiple Heuristics Online.
combining multiple heuristics online
Predicting Gaming Related Properties from Twitter Accounts.
predicting gaming related properties	twitter accounts
Variable-Deletion Backdoors to Planning.
variable-deletion backdoors
Automatic Extraction of Efficient Axiom Sets from Large Knowledge Bases.
efficient axiom sets	large knowledge bases	automatic extraction
Named Entity Recognition in Travel-Related Search Queries.
travel-related search queries	named entity recognition
Dynamic Minimization of Sentential Decision Diagrams.
sentential decision diagrams	dynamic minimization
Introducing Nominals to the Combined Query Answering Approaches for EL.
combined query answering approaches	introducing nominals
Integrity Constraints in OWL.
integrity constraints
GenEth: A General Ethical Dilemma Analyzer.
general ethical dilemma analyzer
A Computational Model for Saliency Maps by Using Local Entropy.
saliency maps	computational model	local entropy
Explicit-State Abstraction: A New Method for Generating Heuristic Functions.
generating heuristic functions	explicit-state abstraction
Reading the Videos: Temporal Labeling for Crowdsourced Time-Sync Videos Based on Semantic Embedding.
crowdsourced time-sync videos based	temporal labeling	semantic embedding
Multiagent Patrol Generalized to Complex Environmental Conditions.
multiagent patrol generalized	complex environmental conditions
An Autonomous Override System to Prevent Airborne Loss of Control.
autonomous override system	prevent airborne loss
A Semantic Approach for Iterated Revision in Possibilistic Logic.
semantic approach	iterated revision	possibilistic logic
Clustering on Complex Graphs.
complex graphs
Graphical Model-Based Learning in High Dimensional Feature Spaces.
high dimensional feature spaces	graphical model-based learning
Dynamic Bayesian Probabilistic Matrix Factorization.
dynamic bayesian probabilistic matrix factorization
Lazy Theta*: Any-Angle Path Planning and Path Length Analysis in 3D.
any-angle path planning	path length analysis	lazy theta*
Infinite Kernel Learning: Generalization Bounds and Algorithms.
infinite kernel learning	generalization bounds
Plan, Activity, and Intent Recognition, Papers from the 2013 AAAI Workshop, Bellevue, Washington, USA, July 15, 2013
intent recognition	2013 aaai workshop
Conservativeness of Untied Auto-Encoders.
untied auto-encoders
Deep Tracking: Seeing Beyond Seeing Using Recurrent Neural Networks.
recurrent neural networks	deep tracking
Understanding User Migration Patterns in Social Media.
understanding user migration patterns	social media
Exploiting Symmetries in POMDPs for Point-Based Algorithms.
point-based algorithms	exploiting symmetries
Diversifying Query Suggestion Results.
diversifying query suggestion results
A Prima Facie Duty Approach to Machine Ethics and Its Application to Elder Care.
prima facie duty approach	machine ethics	elder care
Structured Features in Naive Bayes Classification.
naive bayes classification	structured features
S2JSD-LSH: A Locality-Sensitive Hashing Schema for Probability Distributions.
locality-sensitive hashing schema	probability distributions
Reward Shaping for Model-Based Bayesian Reinforcement Learning.
model-based bayesian reinforcement learning	reward shaping
Partial Multi-View Clustering.
partial multi-view clustering
A Mechanism Design Approach to Measure Awareness.
mechanism design approach	measure awareness
Preference Planning for Markov Decision Processes.
markov decision processes	preference planning
Grounded Action Transformation for Robot Learning in Simulation.
grounded action transformation	robot learning
Joint Identification of Network Communities and Semantics via Integrative Modeling of Network Topologies and Node Contents.
node contents	joint identification	integrative modeling	network communities	network topologies
Business-Aware Visual Concept Discovery from Social Media for Multimodal Business Venue Recognition.
business-aware visual concept discovery	multimodal business venue recognition	social media
Multiset Feature Learning for Highly Imbalanced Data Classification.
highly imbalanced data classification	multiset feature learning
Low-Rank Tensor Learning with Discriminant Analysis for Action Classification and Image Recovery.
low-rank tensor learning	image recovery	action classification	discriminant analysis
Structured Inference Networks for Nonlinear State Space Models.
nonlinear state space models	structured inference networks
Solving Games with Functional Regret Estimation.
functional regret estimation	solving games
Model Predictive Control with Uncertainty in Human Driven Systems.
human driven systems	model predictive control
A Social Collaboration Argumentation System for Generating Multi-Faceted Answers in Question and Answer Communities.
social collaboration argumentation system	generating multi-faceted answers	answer communities
Visual Object Tracking for Unmanned Aerial Vehicles: A Benchmark and New Motion Models.
unmanned aerial vehicles	visual object tracking	motion models
Efficient Active Learning of Halfspaces via Query Synthesis.
efficient active learning	query synthesis
Exploiting Problem Symmetries in State-Based Planners.
exploiting problem symmetries	state-based planners
Deep Contextual Networks for Neuronal Structure Segmentation.
neuronal structure segmentation	deep contextual networks
Planning in Dynamic Environments: Extending HTNs with Nonlinear Continuous Effects.
nonlinear continuous effects	extending htns	dynamic environments
Visualizing and Understanding Large-Scale Bayesian Networks.
understanding large-scale bayesian networks
Virtual Arc Consistency for Weighted CSP.
virtual arc consistency	weighted csp
Speech Adaptation in Extended Ambient Intelligence Environments.
extended ambient intelligence environments	speech adaptation
An Integrated Robotic System for Spatial Understanding and Situated Interaction in Indoor Environments.
integrated robotic system	indoor environments	situated interaction	spatial understanding
Going Beyond Primal Treewidth for (M)ILP.
primal treewidth
Training Watson - A Cognitive Systems Course.
training watson	cognitive systems
Towards Evolutionary Nonnegative Matrix Factorization.
evolutionary nonnegative matrix factorization
Transposition Tables for Constraint Satisfaction.
constraint satisfaction	transposition tables
Finite-State Controllers Based on Mealy Machines for Centralized and Decentralized POMDPs.
finite-state controllers based	mealy machines	decentralized pomdps
Reasoning about Large Taxonomies of Actions.
large taxonomies
Chance-Constrained Probabilistic Simple Temporal Problems.
chance-constrained probabilistic simple temporal problems
R1SVM: A Randomised Nonlinear Approach to Large-Scale Anomaly Detection.
randomised nonlinear approach	large-scale anomaly detection
A Probabilistic Covariate Shift Assumption for Domain Adaptation.
probabilistic covariate shift assumption	domain adaptation
Accelerated Variance Reduced Stochastic ADMM.
accelerated variance reduced stochastic admm
Visual Sentiment Analysis by Attending on Local Image Regions.
local image regions	visual sentiment analysis
Unsupervised Feature Selection by Heuristic Search with Provable Bounds on Suboptimality.
unsupervised feature selection	provable bounds	heuristic search
Automated Modelling and Solving in Constraint Programming.
automated modelling	constraint programming
Using Neural Networks for Evaluation in Heuristic Search Algorithm.
heuristic search algorithm	neural networks
Multi-Agent Path Finding with Payload Transfers and the Package-Exchange Robot-Routing Problem.
package-exchange robot-routing problem	multi-agent path finding	payload transfers
Towards Detection of Suspicious Behavior from Multiple Observations.
multiple observations	suspicious behavior
A Model-based Approach for Merging Prioritized Knowledge Bases in Possibilistic Logic.
merging prioritized knowledge bases	model-based approach	possibilistic logic
Hidden Dynamic Probabilistic Models for Labeling Sequence Data.
hidden dynamic probabilistic models	labeling sequence data
Transaction Costs-Aware Portfolio Optimization via Fast Lowner-John Ellipsoid Approximation.
transaction costs-aware portfolio optimization	fast lowner-john ellipsoid approximation
A Geometric Method to Construct Minimal Peer Prediction Mechanisms.
construct minimal peer prediction mechanisms	geometric method
Efficient Structure Learning in Factored-State MDPs.
efficient structure learning	factored-state mdps
On the Complexity of Consistent Query Answering in the Presence of Simple Ontologies.
consistent query answering	simple ontologies
A Fast Heuristic Search Algorithm for Finding the Longest Common Subsequence of Multiple Strings.
fast heuristic search algorithm	longest common subsequence	multiple strings
Multi-Agent Plan Recognition: Formalization and Algorithms.
multi-agent plan recognition
Blind, Greedy, and Random: Algorithms for Matching and Clustering Using Only Ordinal Information.
ordinal information
Generating Coherent Summaries with Textual Aspects.
generating coherent summaries	textual aspects
Basing Decisions on Sentences in Decision Diagrams.
decision diagrams	basing decisions
Fast Multi-Instance Multi-Label Learning.
fast multi-instance multi-label learning
Strongly Decomposable Voting Rules on Multiattribute Domains.
strongly decomposable voting rules	multiattribute domains
Efficient Learning of Action Schemas and Web-Service Descriptions.
web-service descriptions	action schemas	efficient learning
Getting More Out of the Exposed Structure in Constraint Programming Models of Combinatorial Problems.
constraint programming models	combinatorial problems	exposed structure
Detecting Execution Failures Using Learned Action Models.
detecting execution failures	learned action models
Ceding Control: Empowering Remote Participants in Meetings involving Smart Conference Rooms.
meetings involving smart conference rooms	empowering remote participants	ceding control
Using Timed Game Automata to Synthesize Execution Strategies for Simple Temporal Networks with Uncertainty.
simple temporal networks	synthesize execution strategies	timed game automata
Compilation Based Approaches to Probabilistic Planning - Thesis Summary.
compilation based approaches	thesis summary	probabilistic planning
Solving the Inferential Frame Problem in the General Game Description Language.
general game description language	inferential frame problem
Exploiting Logical Structure in Lifted Probabilistic Inference.
exploiting logical structure	lifted probabilistic inference
Predicting Demographics of High-Resolution Geographies with Geotagged Tweets.
predicting demographics	high-resolution geographies	geotagged tweets
Robust Estimation of 3-D Line Segments from Satellite Images for Model Building and Change Detection.
change detection	line segments	satellite images	robust estimation	model building
Hedonic Coalition Formation in Networks.
hedonic coalition formation
An alpha-approximation Protocol for the Generalized Mutual Assignment Problem.
generalized mutual assignment problem	alpha-approximation protocol
Extensible Automated Constraint Modelling.
extensible automated constraint modelling
Qualitative Planning with Quantitative Constraints for Online Learning of Robotic Behaviours.
quantitative constraints	online learning	qualitative planning	robotic behaviours
Policy Gradient Planning for Environmental Decision Making with Existing Simulators.
environmental decision making	policy gradient planning	existing simulators
A Strategy-Aware Technique for Learning Behaviors from Discrete Human Feedback.
discrete human feedback	learning behaviors	strategy-aware technique
Reconfiguration Control and Decision, Application to Smart Environments.
smart environments	reconfiguration control
Learning Unitary Operators with Help From u(n).
learning unitary operators
SenticNet 3: A Common and Common-Sense Knowledge Base for Cognition-Driven Sentiment Analysis.
cognition-driven sentiment analysis	common-sense knowledge base
A Convex Formulation for Semi-Supervised Multi-Label Feature Selection.
semi-supervised multi-label feature selection	convex formulation
Anytime Nonparametric A.
anytime nonparametric
Approximate Solutions of Interactive Dynamic Influence Diagrams Using Model Clustering.
interactive dynamic influence diagrams	model clustering	approximate solutions
Prerequisite Skills for Reading Comprehension: Multi-Perspective Analysis of MCTest Datasets and Systems.
reading comprehension	prerequisite skills	mctest datasets	multi-perspective analysis
Incorporating Expert Knowledge into Keyphrase Extraction.
incorporating expert knowledge	keyphrase extraction
Radon - Rapid Discovery of Topological Relations.
topological relations	rapid discovery
Extracting Verb Expressions Implying Negative Opinions.
extracting verb expressions implying negative opinions
Unsupervised Domain Adaptation with a Relaxed Covariate Shift Assumption.
relaxed covariate shift assumption	unsupervised domain adaptation
Electricity Demand Forecasting using Gaussian Processes.
electricity demand forecasting	gaussian processes
Geometry of Compositionality.
geometry
Symbolic Dynamic Programming for First-order POMDPs.
symbolic dynamic programming	first-order pomdps
Causal Discovery Using Regression-Based Conditional Independence Tests.
regression-based conditional independence tests	causal discovery
Unbiased Multivariate Correlation Analysis.
unbiased multivariate correlation analysis
AAAI Organization.
aaai organization
The Role of Complex Network Dynamics in the Emergence of Multiagent Coalition.
complex network dynamics	multiagent coalition
Constrained Coclustering for Textual Documents.
textual documents	constrained coclustering
Fast Optimal Clearing of Capped-Chain Barter Exchanges.
fast optimal clearing	capped-chain barter exchanges
Noisy Submodular Maximization via Adaptive Sampling with Applications to Crowdsourced Image Collection Summarization.
crowdsourced image collection summarization	noisy submodular maximization	adaptive sampling
Convergence to Equilibria in Plurality Voting.
plurality voting
Multi-View Local Learning.
multi-view local learning
The Übercruncher: Concept Formation by Analogy Discovery.
concept formation	analogy discovery
Space, Time, and Ambient Intelligence, Papers from the 2013 AAAI Workshop, Bellevue, Washington, USA, July 14, 2013
ambient intelligence	2013 aaai workshop
Frugal Bribery in Voting.
frugal bribery
A Computational Decision Theory for Interactive Assistants.
computational decision theory	interactive assistants
Semisupervised Autoencoder for Sentiment Analysis.
sentiment analysis	semisupervised autoencoder
Intelligence in Wikipedia.
intelligence
Conservative Dual Consistency.
conservative dual consistency
Symbiotic Cognitive Systems, Papers from the 2016 AAAI Workshop, Phoenix, Arizona, USA, February 13, 2016.
symbiotic cognitive systems	2016 aaai workshop
Content Analysis for Proactive Intelligence: Marshaling Frame Evidence.
marshaling frame evidence	proactive intelligence	content analysis
Dynamic Thresholding and Pruning for Regret Minimization.
regret minimization	dynamic thresholding
Column-Oriented Datalog Materialization for Large Knowledge Graphs.
large knowledge graphs	column-oriented datalog materialization
Non-Metric Locality-Sensitive Hashing.
non-metric locality-sensitive hashing
Efficient Optimization of Control Libraries.
efficient optimization	control libraries
Towards Clause-Learning State Space Search: Learning to Recognize Dead-Ends.
clause-learning state space search	recognize dead-ends
Learning Market Parameters Using Aggregate Demand Queries.
learning market parameters	aggregate demand queries
Distinguishing between Sketched Scribble Look Alikes.
sketched scribble
Crops Selection for Optimal Soil Planning using Multiobjective Evolutionary Algorithms.
multiobjective evolutionary algorithms	optimal soil planning	crops selection
Generalized Singular Value Thresholding.
generalized singular
Role-Based Ad Hoc Teamwork.
role-based ad hoc teamwork
Quantifying Uncertainty in Batch Personalized Sequential Decision Making.
batch personalized sequential decision making	quantifying uncertainty
What's Hot in the SAT and ASP Competitions.
asp competitions
Beyond Classical Planning: Procedural Control Knowledge and Preferences in State-of-the-Art Planners.
procedural control knowledge	classical planning	state-of-the-art planners
Interactive Narrative: A Novel Application of Artificial Intelligence for Computer Games.
computer games	artificial intelligence	interactive narrative
Automated Strategies for Determining Rewards for Human Work.
human work	automated strategies	determining rewards
A Nearly-Black-Box Online Algorithm for Joint Parameter and State Estimation in Temporal Models.
nearly-black-box online algorithm	state estimation	temporal models	joint parameter
Attentive Interactive Neural Networks for Answer Selection in Community Question Answering.
attentive interactive neural networks	community question answering	answer selection
Independent Additive Heuristics Reduce Search Multiplicatively.
independent additive heuristics reduce search multiplicatively
Content-Aware Point of Interest Recommendation on Location-Based Social Networks.
location-based social networks	interest recommendation	content-aware point
Designing Fast Absorbing Markov Chains.
designing fast absorbing markov chains
PROTECT: An Application of Computational Game Theory for the Security of the Ports of the United States.
computational game theory	united states
SentiCap: Generating Image Descriptions with Sentiments.
generating image descriptions
Video Saliency Detection via Dynamic Consistent Spatio-Temporal Attention Modelling.
dynamic consistent spatio-temporal attention modelling	video saliency detection
DJAO: A Communication-Constrained DCOP Algorithm that Combines Features of ADOPT and Action-GDL.
communication-constrained dcop algorithm	combines features
Artificial Swarm Intelligence, a Human-in-the-Loop Approach to A.I.
artificial swarm intelligence	human-in-the-loop approach
NeuroNavigator: A Hippocampus-Inspired Cognitive Architecture for Spiking Network Implementation.
hippocampus-inspired cognitive architecture	spiking network implementation
Query Answering in DL-Lite with Datatypes: A Non-Uniform Approach.
query answering	non-uniform approach
SustaInno: Toward a Searchable Repository of Sustainability Innovations.
searchable repository	sustainability innovations
Non-Parametric Approximate Linear Programming for MDPs.
non-parametric approximate linear programming
A Scheduler for Actions with Iterated Durations.
iterated durations
Towards Detecting Rumours in Social Media.
social media	detecting rumours
L2R: A Logical Method for Reference Reconciliation.
logical method	reference reconciliation
Macroscopic Models of Clique Tree Growth for Bayesian Networks.
clique tree growth	bayesian networks	macroscopic models
Using Decomposition-Parameters for QBF: Mind the Prefix!
prefix
Neural Machine Translation Advised by Statistical Machine Translation.
neural machine translation advised	statistical machine translation
A Complexity Approach for Core-Selecting Exchange with Multiple Indivisible Goods under Lexicographic Preferences.
multiple indivisible goods	lexicographic preferences	core-selecting exchange	complexity approach
Jikan to Kukan: A Hands-On Musical Experience in AI, Games and Art.
musical experience
Creating Interactive and Visual Educational Resources for AI.
visual educational resources	creating interactive
A Well-Founded Semantics for Basic Logic Programs with Arbitrary Abstract Constraint Atoms.
arbitrary abstract constraint atoms	basic logic programs	well-founded semantics
Multiagent Metareasoning through Organizational Design.
organizational design	multiagent metareasoning
Planning for Human-Robot Interaction Using Time-State Aggregated POMDPs.
time-state aggregated pomdps	human-robot interaction
Organizers.
organizers
Nonnegative Spectral Clustering with Discriminative Regularization.
nonnegative spectral clustering	discriminative regularization
Integrating Task and Motion Planning Using Semantic Attachments.
motion planning	integrating task	semantic attachments
An Incentive Mechanism for Promoting Honesty in E-Marketplaces.
promoting honesty	incentive mechanism
Boosting SBDS for Partial Symmetry Breaking in Constraint Programming.
partial symmetry breaking	constraint programming	boosting sbds
The Construction of Reality in a Cognitive System.
cognitive system
PIVE: Per-Iteration Visualization Environment for Real-Time Interactions with Dimension Reduction and Clustering.
per-iteration visualization environment	real-time interactions	dimension reduction
Online Classification Using a Voted RDA Method.
voted rda method	online classification
Probably Approximately Efficient Combinatorial Auctions via Machine Learning.
approximately efficient combinatorial auctions	machine learning
The IMP: An Intelligent Mobile Projector.
intelligent mobile projector
Relational One-Class Classification: A Non-Parametric Approach.
relational one-class classification	non-parametric approach
Predicting Satisfiability at the Phase Transition.
predicting satisfiability	phase transition
Video Semantic Clustering with Sparse and Incomplete Tags.
video semantic clustering	incomplete tags
Learning to Prune Dominated Action Sequences in Online Black-Box Planning.
prune dominated action sequences	online black-box planning
A Framework for Modeling Influence, Opinions and Structure in Social Media.
social media	modeling influence
Sensing the Air We Breathe - The OpenSense Zurich Dataset.
opensense zurich dataset
Convex Co-embedding.
convex co-embedding
Complexity of the Stable Invitations Problem.
stable invitations problem
Occupancy Grid Models for Robot Mapping in Changing Environments.
occupancy grid models	changing environments	robot mapping
Game Theoretic Considerations for Optimizing Efficiency of Taxi Systems.
game theoretic considerations	taxi systems	optimizing efficiency
Robust Decision Making for Stochastic Network Design.
stochastic network design	robust decision making
Synthesizing Strategies for Epistemic Goals by Epistemic Model Checking: An Application to Pursuit Evasion Games.
pursuit evasion games	epistemic model checking	epistemic goals	synthesizing strategies
Predicting Personal Traits from Facial Images Using Convolutional Neural Networks Augmented with Facial Landmark Information.
convolutional neural networks augmented	predicting personal traits	facial landmark information	facial images
Towards Synthesizing Optimal Coordination Modules for Distributed Agents.
synthesizing optimal coordination modules	distributed agents
The Wisdom of Crowds in Bioinformatics: What Can We Learn (and Gain) from Ensemble Predictions?
ensemble predictions
Declarative Probabilistic Programming for Undirected Graphical Models: Open Up to Scale Up.
declarative probabilistic programming	undirected graphical models
Genotypic versus Behavioural Diversity for Teams of Programs under the 4-v-3 Keepaway Soccer Task.
genotypic versus behavioural diversity	4-v-3 keepaway soccer task
Distributed Negative Sampling for Word Embeddings.
distributed negative sampling	word embeddings
Enforcing Meter in Finite-Length Markov Sequences.
finite-length markov sequences	enforcing meter
On the Structure of Synergies in Cooperative Games.
cooperative games
Robust Bidirectional Search via Heuristic Improvement.
robust bidirectional search	heuristic improvement
Predicting Readers' Sarcasm Understandability by Modeling Gaze Behavior.
modeling gaze behavior	predicting readers	sarcasm understandability
Predictive Off-Policy Policy Evaluation for Nonstationary Decision Problems, with Applications to Digital Marketing.
predictive off-policy policy evaluation	nonstationary decision problems	digital marketing
Phase Transitions for Scale-Free SAT Formulas.
scale-free sat formulas	phase transitions
Content-Based Collaborative Filtering for News Topic Recommendation.
news topic recommendation	content-based collaborative filtering
Error Classification in Action Descriptions: A Heuristic Approach.
action descriptions	heuristic approach	error classification
Predicting Online Protest Participation of Social Media Users.
predicting online protest participation	social media users
Mining Sequential Patterns and Tree Patterns to Detect Erroneous Sentences.
detect erroneous sentences	mining sequential patterns	tree patterns
Redesigning Stochastic Environments for Maximized Utility.
redesigning stochastic environments	maximized utility
Story Generation with Crowdsourced Plot Graphs.
crowdsourced plot graphs	story generation
College Towns, Vacation Spots, and Tech Hubs: Using Geo-Social Media to Model and Compare Locations.
tech hubs	vacation spots	compare locations	geo-social media	college towns
Knowledge Extraction from Text, Papers from the 2016 AAAI Workshop, Phoenix, Arizona, USA, February 12, 2016.
2016 aaai workshop	knowledge extraction
Accelerated Gradient Temporal Difference Learning.
accelerated gradient temporal difference learning
A Hybrid Collaborative Filtering Model with Deep Structure for Recommender Systems.
hybrid collaborative filtering model	recommender systems	deep structure
Fast Parallel and Adaptive Updates for Dual-Decomposition Solvers.
adaptive updates	fast parallel	dual-decomposition solvers
Commonsense Causal Reasoning Using Millions of Personal Stories.
commonsense causal reasoning	personal stories
An Optimal Task Assignment Policy and Performance Diagnosis Strategy for Heterogeneous Hadoop Cluster.
optimal task assignment policy	performance diagnosis strategy	heterogeneous hadoop cluster
Using Machine Learning to Improve Stochastic Optimization.
improve stochastic optimization	machine learning
Practical TBox Abduction Based on Justification Patterns.
practical tbox abduction based	justification patterns
Multi-Label Learning by Instance Differentiation.
multi-label learning	instance differentiation
Giving Advice to People in Path Selection Problems.
path selection problems	giving advice
Unsupervised Deep Learning for Optical Flow Estimation.
optical flow estimation	unsupervised deep learning
Information Sharing Under Costly Communication in Joint Exploration.
joint exploration	costly communication	information sharing
Ensemble Forecasting for Disease Outbreak Detection.
disease outbreak detection	ensemble forecasting
Neuron Learning Machine for Representation Learning.
neuron learning machine	representation learning
Robust Cuts Over Time: Combatting the Spread of Invasive Species with Unreliable Biological Control.
unreliable biological control	robust cuts	invasive species
Multiple Hypothesis Object Tracking For Unsupervised Self-Learning: An Ocean Eddy Tracking Application.
multiple hypothesis object tracking	ocean eddy tracking application	unsupervised self-learning
Towards Answer Set Prolog Based Architectures for Intelligent Agents.
answer set prolog based architectures	intelligent agents
Best-Response Planning of Thermostatically Controlled Loads under Power Constraints.
thermostatically controlled loads	power constraints	best-response planning
On the Containment of SPARQL Queries under Entailment Regimes.
sparql queries	entailment regimes
An Analysis of Trimming in Digital Social Networks.
digital social networks
Context-Sensitive Twitter Sentiment Classification Using Neural Network.
context-sensitive twitter sentiment classification	neural network
Integrating Structured Metadata with Relational Affinity Propagation.
relational affinity propagation	integrating structured metadata
Handling Looping and Optional Actions in YAPPR.
handling looping	optional actions
An Analysis of Monte Carlo Tree Search.
monte carlo tree search
Security Games for Controlling Contagion.
controlling contagion	security games
Compress and Control.
control
Informed Case Base Maintenance: A Complexity Profiling Approach.
informed case base maintenance	complexity profiling approach
Massively Parallel A* Search on a GPU.
massively parallel
Providing Arguments in Discussions Based on the Prediction of Human Argumentative Behavior.
human argumentative behavior	discussions based	providing arguments
Towards a Cognitive System that Can Recognize Spatial Regions Based on Context.
recognize spatial regions based	cognitive system
Justified Representation in Approval-Based Committee Voting.
approval-based committee voting	justified representation
Process Diagnosis System (PDS) - A 30 Year History.
process diagnosis system	30 year history
Convex Subspace Representation Learning from Multi-View Data.
convex subspace representation learning	multi-view data
Latent Tree Analysis.
latent tree analysis
A Lower Bound on the Size of Decomposable Negation Normal Form.
decomposable negation normal form	lower bound
Explorations of Quantum-Classical Approaches to Scheduling a Mars Lander Activity Problem.
mars lander activity problem	quantum-classical approaches
Volumetric ConvNets with Mixed Residual Connections for Automated Prostate Segmentation from 3D MR Images.
3d mr images	automated prostate segmentation	mixed residual connections	volumetric convnets
Making Cities Smarter than Their Bankers.
making cities smarter
Studies in Solution Sampling.
solution sampling
Deep Hashing: A Joint Approach for Image Signature Learning.
image signature learning	deep hashing	joint approach
Trading Agent Design and Analysis, Papers from the 2013 AAAI Workshop, Bellevue, Washington, USA, July 15, 2013
trading agent design	2013 aaai workshop
Local Context Sparse Coding.
local context sparse coding
Optimizing Rotorcraft Approach Trajectories with Acoustic and Land Use Models.
optimizing rotorcraft approach trajectories
Incentive-Compatible Escrow Mechanisms.
incentive-compatible escrow mechanisms
Truthful Mechanisms without Money for Non-Utilitarian Heterogeneous Facility Location.
non-utilitarian heterogeneous facility location	truthful mechanisms
The Impact of Vertical Specialization on Hierarchical Multi-Agent Systems.
hierarchical multi-agent systems	vertical specialization
Dynamic User Task Scheduling for Mobile Robots.
dynamic user task scheduling	mobile robots
Progressive Prediction of Student Performance in College Programs.
student performance	progressive prediction	college programs
Heuristic Evaluation Functions for General Game Playing.
general game playing	heuristic evaluation functions
Design and Analysis of Value Creation Networks.
creation networks
Pose-Guided Human Parsing by an AND/OR Graph Using Pose-Context Features.
pose-guided human parsing	pose-context features
Multivariate Conditional Anomaly Detection and Its Clinical Application.
multivariate conditional anomaly detection	clinical application
Multilinear Maximum Distance Embedding Via L1-Norm Optimization.
multilinear maximum distance embedding	l1-norm optimization
Finding Critical Users for Social Network Engagement: The Collapsed k-Core Problem.
finding critical users	collapsed k-core problem	social network engagement
Automatically Creating Multilingual Lexical Resources.
automatically creating multilingual lexical resources
Scalable Completion of Nonnegative Matrix with Separable Structure.
nonnegative matrix	scalable completion	separable structure
Compact Spectral Bases for Value Function Approximation Using Kronecker Factorization.
compact spectral bases	kronecker factorization	function approximation
Tree Sequence Kernel for Natural Language.
tree sequence kernel	natural language
Some Fixed Parameter Tractability Results for Planning with Non-Acyclic Domain-Transition Graphs.
fixed parameter tractability results	non-acyclic domain-transition graphs
SAPE: A System for Situation-Aware Public Security Evaluation.
situation-aware public security evaluation
Topic Segmentation with an Ordering-Based Topic Model.
ordering-based topic model	topic segmentation
Nonmonotonic Modes of Inference.
nonmonotonic modes
Discovering User Attribute Stylistic Differences via Paraphrasing.
discovering user attribute stylistic differences
Robust and Efficient Transfer Learning with Hidden Parameter Markov Decision Processes.
hidden parameter markov decision processes	efficient transfer learning
Learn to Compress and Restore Sequential Data.
restore sequential data
Network, Popularity and Social Cohesion: A Game-Theoretic Approach.
social cohesion	game-theoretic approach
Consensus Guided Unsupervised Feature Selection.
consensus guided unsupervised feature selection
Adaptive Polling for Information Aggregation.
information aggregation	adaptive polling
Cost-Sensitive Imputing Missing Values with Ordering.
cost-sensitive imputing missing values
Predicting Soccer Highlights from Spatio-Temporal Match Event Streams.
spatio-temporal match event streams	predicting soccer highlights
Incorporating Assortativity and Degree Dependence into Scalable Network Models.
scalable network models	incorporating assortativity	degree dependence
Wings for Pegasus: Creating Large-Scale Scientific Applications Using Semantic Representations of Computational Workflows.
creating large-scale scientific applications	semantic representations	computational workflows
A Nonparametric Online Model for Air Quality Prediction.
nonparametric online model	air quality prediction
Decentralised Control of Micro-Storage in the Smart Grid.
decentralised control	smart grid
Balanced Clustering with Least Square Regression.
balanced clustering	square regression
Complexity of Manipulating Sequential Allocation.
manipulating sequential allocation
Toward Caching Symmetrical Subtheories for Weighted Model Counting.
caching symmetrical subtheories	weighted model counting
Querying Inconsistent Description Logic Knowledge Bases under Preferred Repair Semantics.
querying inconsistent description logic knowledge bases	preferred repair semantics
Ensemble Feature Weighting Based on Local Learning and Diversity.
ensemble feature weighting based	local learning
Error Aware Monocular Visual Odometry using Vertical Line Pairs for Small Robots in Urban Areas.
error aware monocular visual odometry	vertical line pairs	small robots	urban areas
Parsing Outdoor Scenes from Streamed 3D Laser Data Using Online Clustering and Incremental Belief Updates.
streamed 3d laser data	parsing outdoor scenes	incremental belief updates	online clustering
BotSense: An Open-Source Middleware Framework for Unifying and Enabling Intelligent Robotic Systems.
enabling intelligent robotic systems	open-source middleware framework
Chance-Constrained Scheduling via Conflict-Directed Risk Allocation.
conflict-directed risk allocation	chance-constrained scheduling
A Corpus-Based Hybrid Approach to Music Analysis and Composition.
corpus-based hybrid approach	music analysis
Alpha-Beta Pruning for Games with Simultaneous Moves.
alpha-beta pruning	simultaneous moves
On Pareto Optimality in Social Distance Games.
social distance games	pareto optimality
Speculations on Leveraging Graphical Models for Architectural Integration of Visual Representation and Reasoning.
leveraging graphical models	architectural integration	visual representation
A Logic of Emotions for Intelligent Agents.
intelligent agents
Abstraction in Situation Calculus Action Theories.
situation calculus action theories
Closed-Form Gibbs Sampling for Graphical Models with Algebraic Constraints.
closed-form gibbs sampling	algebraic constraints	graphical models
A Support-Based Algorithm for the Bi-Objective Pareto Constraint.
bi-objective pareto constraint	support-based algorithm
Knowledge Graph Completion with Adaptive Sparse Transfer Matrix.
adaptive sparse transfer matrix	knowledge graph completion
Optimal Rewards versus Leaf-Evaluation Heuristics in Planning Agents.
optimal rewards versus leaf-evaluation heuristics	planning agents
Prices Matter for the Parameterized Complexity of Shift Bribery.
prices matter	shift bribery	parameterized complexity
Progress on Agent Coordination with Cooperative Auctions.
cooperative auctions	agent coordination
Variational Autoencoder for Semi-Supervised Text Classification.
semi-supervised text classification	variational autoencoder
ProPPR: Efficient First-Order Probabilistic Logic Programming for Structure Discovery, Parameter Learning, and Scalable Inference.
efficient first-order probabilistic logic programming	parameter learning	scalable inference	structure discovery
Infinitely Many-Armed Bandits with Budget Constraints.
infinitely many-armed bandits	budget constraints
Search-Based Path Planning with Homotopy Class Constraints in 3D.
homotopy class constraints	search-based path planning
Co-Training as a Human Collaboration Policy.
human collaboration policy
Counting-MLNs: Learning Relational Structure for Decision Making.
learning relational structure	decision making
Hierarchical Voting Experts: An Unsupervised Algorithm for Segmenting Hierarchically Structured Sequences.
segmenting hierarchically structured sequences	hierarchical voting experts	unsupervised algorithm
Semantic Inference at the Lexical-Syntactic Level.
semantic inference	lexical-syntactic level
Sub-Merge: Diving Down to the Attribute-Value Level in Statistical Schema Matching.
statistical schema matching
How Do Your Friends on Social Media Disclose Your Emotions?
social media disclose
Determining Possible and Necessary Winners under Common Voting Rules Given Partial Orders.
common voting rules	partial orders
Open-Ended Robotics Exploration Projects for Budding Researchers.
open-ended robotics exploration projects	budding researchers
Mixed-Initiative Interfaces for Slide-Ware Authoring and Presentation.
mixed-initiative interfaces	slide-ware authoring
Computing Optimal Monitoring Strategy for Detecting Terrorist Plots.
computing optimal monitoring strategy	detecting terrorist plots
Value of Information Based on Decision Robustness.
information based	decision robustness
Self-Paced Multi-Task Learning.
self-paced multi-task learning
HTN-MAKER: Learning HTNs with Minimal Additional Knowledge Engineering Required.
minimal additional knowledge engineering required	learning htns
Automated Action Planning for Autonomous Mobile Robots, Papers from the 2011 AAAI Workshop, San Francisco, California, USA, August 7, 2011
autonomous mobile robots	automated action planning	san francisco	2011 aaai workshop
Multi-Task Learning in Heterogeneous Feature Spaces.
heterogeneous feature spaces	multi-task learning
Automatic Identity Inference for Smart TVs.
automatic identity inference	smart tvs
Exploiting Causal Independence Using Weighted Model Counting.
weighted model counting	exploiting causal independence
Increasing Threshold Search for Best-Valued Agents.
increasing threshold search	best-valued agents
Learning Implicit Tasks for Patient-Specific Risk Modeling in ICU.
patient-specific risk modeling	learning implicit tasks
Representation Discovery for MDPs Using Bisimulation Metrics.
bisimulation metrics	representation discovery
Can Approximation Circumvent Gibbard-Satterthwaite?
approximation circumvent gibbard-satterthwaite
Improving Predictive State Representations via Gradient Descent.
improving predictive state representations	gradient descent
Real-Time Symbolic Dynamic Programming.
real-time symbolic dynamic programming
Analysis of C2 and "C2-Lite" Micro-Message Communications.
micro-message communications
On Completeness Classes for Query Evaluation on Linked Data.
completeness classes	query evaluation	linked data
Conflict-Based Belief Revision Operators in Possibilistic Logic.
conflict-based belief revision operators	possibilistic logic
Investigating Contingency Awareness Using Atari 2600 Games.
investigating contingency awareness	atari 2600 games
What's Hot in Case-Based Reasoning.
case-based reasoning
Initializing Bayesian Hyperparameter Optimization via Meta-Learning.
initializing bayesian hyperparameter optimization
An Extended Interpreted System Model for Epistemic Logics.
extended interpreted system model	epistemic logics
Information Sharing for Care Coordination.
information sharing	care coordination
Proactive Dynamic DCOPs.
proactive dynamic dcops
Discover Relevant Environment Feature Using Concurrent Reinforcement Learning.
discover relevant environment feature	concurrent reinforcement learning
Proximal Operators for Multi-Agent Path Planning.
multi-agent path planning	proximal operators
Bounded Rationality of Restricted Turing Machines.
restricted turing machines	bounded rationality
Deep Hashing Network for Efficient Similarity Retrieval.
deep hashing network	efficient similarity retrieval
Artificial Intelligence Needs Open-Access Knowledgebase Contents.
open-access knowledgebase contents	artificial intelligence
Heuristic Planning for Hybrid Systems.
heuristic planning	hybrid systems
Proactive Intrusion Detection.
proactive intrusion detection
Is It Morally Acceptable for a System to Lie to Persuade Me?
morally acceptable
Steering Evolution Strategically: Computational Game Theory and Opponent Exploitation for Treatment Planning, Drug Design, and Synthetic Biology.
steering evolution strategically	computational game theory	opponent exploitation	treatment planning	drug design	synthetic biology
On-line Planning and Scheduling: An Application to Controlling Modular Printers.
controlling modular printers	on-line planning
SnapNETS: Automatic Segmentation of Network Sequences with Node Labels.
network sequences	node labels	automatic segmentation
Optimizing Expectation with Guarantees in POMDPs.
optimizing expectation
Moodee: An Intelligent Mobile Companion for Sensing Your Stress from Your Social Media Postings.
intelligent mobile companion	social media postings
From Unsolvable to Solvable: An Exploration of Simple Changes.
simple
Heuristic Search Value Iteration for One-Sided Partially Observable Stochastic Games.
one-sided partially observable stochastic games	heuristic search
Learning to Generate Posters of Scientific Papers.
scientific papers	generate posters
Modeling Dynamic Multi-Topic Discussions in Online Forums.
modeling dynamic multi-topic discussions	online forums
A Proof-Producing CSP Solver.
proof-producing csp solver
Symbolic Heuristic Search Value Iteration for Factored POMDPs.
symbolic heuristic search	factored pomdps
Toward a Taxonomy and Computational Models of Abnormalities in Images.
computational models
An SVD and Derivative Kernel Approach to Learning from Geometric Data.
derivative kernel approach	geometric data
A Novel Human Computation Game for Critique Aggregation.
human computation game	critique aggregation
Progression Semantics for Disjunctive Logic Programs.
disjunctive logic programs	progression semantics
Modeling Topic-Level Academic Influence in Scientific Literatures.
modeling topic-level academic influence	scientific literatures
On Manipulablity of Random Serial Dictatorship in Sequential Matching with Dynamic Preferences.
random serial dictatorship	dynamic preferences	sequential matching
High-Quality Policies for the Canadian Traveler's Problem.
canadian traveler	high-quality policies
Chaotic Time Series Prediction Using a Photonic Reservoir Computer with Output Feedback.
chaotic time series prediction	photonic reservoir computer	output feedback
Incremental Sensorimotor Learning with Constant Update Complexity.
incremental sensorimotor learning	constant update complexity
Maximin Separation Probability Clustering.
maximin separation probability clustering
Active Learning by Learning.
active learning
Toward Learning to Solve Insertion Tasks: A Developmental Approach Using Exploratory Behaviors and Proprioception.
solve insertion tasks	exploratory behaviors	developmental approach
Bayesian AutoEncoder: Generation of Bayesian Networks with Hidden Nodes for Features.
bayesian autoencoder	bayesian networks	hidden nodes
Chinese Common Noun Phrase Resolution: An Unsupervised Probabilistic Model Rivaling Supervised Resolvers.
unsupervised probabilistic model rivaling supervised resolvers	chinese common noun phrase resolution
BDDs Strike Back (in AI Planning).
bdds strike back	ai planning
Improving Approximate Value Iteration with Complex Returns by Bounding.
improving approximate	complex returns
Improving Hierarchical Planning Performance by the Use of Landmarks.
improving hierarchical planning performance
Semi-Supervised Classifications via Elastic and Robust Embedding.
robust embedding	semi-supervised classifications
Fine-Grained Entity Recognition.
fine-grained entity recognition
Random Features for Shift-Invariant Kernels with Moment Matching.
random features	moment matching	shift-invariant kernels
What Do Multiwinner Voting Rules Do? An Experiment Over the Two-Dimensional Euclidean Domain.
two-dimensional euclidean domain	multiwinner voting rules
A Topic-Based Coherence Model for Statistical Machine Translation.
statistical machine translation	topic-based coherence model
Audit Games with Multiple Defender Resources.
multiple defender resources	audit games
Learning to Avoid Dominated Action Sequences in Planning for Black-Box Domains.
avoid dominated action sequences	black-box domains
Fixing a Balanced Knockout Tournament.
balanced knockout tournament
Marrying Uncertainty and Time in Knowledge Graphs.
marrying uncertainty	knowledge graphs
Towards the Integration of Multi-Attribute Optimization and Game Theory for Border Security Patrolling Strategies.
border security patrolling strategies	multi-attribute optimization	game theory
Abductive Logic Programming by Nonground Rewrite Systems.
nonground rewrite systems	abductive logic programming
Preface.
preface
Through the Twitter Glass: Detecting Questions in Micro-Text.
twitter glass	detecting questions
Formulating LUTI Calibration as an Optimisation Problem: Estimation of Tranus Shadow Price and Substitution Parameters.
formulating luti calibration	tranus shadow price	optimisation problem	substitution parameters
Inference Graphs: Combining Natural Deduction and Subsumption Inference in a Concurrent Reasoner.
combining natural deduction	inference graphs	subsumption inference	concurrent reasoner
Concurrent PAC RL.
concurrent pac rl
Multi-tensor Completion with Common Structures.
multi-tensor completion	common structures
Variational Inference for Nonparametric Bayesian Quantile Regression.
nonparametric bayesian quantile regression	variational inference
Explaining Inconsistency-Tolerant Query Answering over Description Logic Knowledge Bases.
explaining inconsistency-tolerant query answering	description logic knowledge bases
Deterioration of Speech as an Indicator of Physiological Degeneration (DESIPHER).
physiological degeneration
Unsupervised Learning of Human Behaviours.
human behaviours	unsupervised learning
Estimating Uncertainty Online Against an Adversary.
estimating uncertainty online
Fast Compressive Phase Retrieval under Bounded Noise.
fast compressive phase retrieval	bounded noise
Continuous Occupancy Mapping with Integral Kernels.
continuous occupancy mapping	integral kernels
Integrating Sample-Based Planning and Model-Based Reinforcement Learning.
integrating sample-based planning	model-based reinforcement learning
Conference Committees.
conference committees
Anticipatory Perceptual Simulation for Human-Robot Joint Practice: Theory and Application Study.
human-robot joint practice	anticipatory perceptual simulation	application study
Creating Dynamic Story Plots with Continual Multiagent Planning.
creating dynamic story plots	continual multiagent planning
Fast and Accurate Prediction of Sentence Specificity.
sentence specificity	accurate prediction
Deep Representation Learning with Target Coding.
deep representation learning	target coding
Accuracy of Admissible Heuristic Functions in Selected Planning Domains.
selected planning domains	admissible heuristic functions
An Agent-Based Model of the Emergence and Transmission of a Language System for the Expression of Logical Combinations.
logical combinations	agent-based model	language system
Surveyor: A System for Generating Coherent Survey Articles for Scientific Topics.
generating coherent survey articles	scientific topics
Crowd Motion Monitoring with Thermodynamics-Inspired Feature.
crowd motion monitoring	thermodynamics-inspired feature
Lifted Inference via k-Locality.
lifted inference
Automatic Parameterization of Automation Software for Plug-and-Produce.
automatic parameterization	automation software
Delivering the Smart Grid: Challenges for Autonomous Agents and Multi-Agent Systems Research.
multi-agent systems research	smart grid	autonomous agents
Psychological Forest: Predicting Human Behavior.
predicting human behavior	psychological forest
Automated Program Debugging Via Multiple Predicate Switching.
automated program debugging	multiple predicate switching
Efficiently Exploiting Dependencies in Local Search for SAT.
efficiently exploiting dependencies	local search
SUIT: A Supervised User-Item Based Topic Model for Sentiment Analysis.
supervised user-item based topic model	sentiment analysis
News Recommendation in Forum-Based Social Media.
forum-based social media	news recommendation
Neural Bag-of-Ngrams.
neural bag-of-ngrams
Structure Learning on Large Scale Common Sense Statistical Models of Human State.
large scale common sense statistical models	structure learning	human state
Surpassing Human-Level Face Verification Performance on LFW with GaussianFace.
surpassing human-level face verification performance
Representing Words as Lymphocytes.
representing words
Interest-Matching Comparisons using CP-nets.
interest-matching comparisons
Asynchronous Stochastic Proximal Optimization Algorithms with Variance Reduction.
asynchronous stochastic proximal optimization algorithms	variance reduction
TweetFit: Fusing Multiple Social Media and Sensor Data for Wellness Profile Learning.
fusing multiple social media	wellness profile learning	sensor data
Elementary School Science and Math Tests as a Driver for AI: Take the Aristo Challenge!
elementary school science	math tests	aristo challenge
Diagrams as Scaffolds for Abductive Insights.
abductive insights
Interaction and Task Patterns in Symbiotic, Mixed-Initiative Human-Robot Interaction.
mixed-initiative human-robot interaction	task patterns
Risk-Averse Strategies for Security Games with Execution and Observational Uncertainty.
observational uncertainty	security games	risk-averse strategies
Text Matching as Image Recognition.
text matching	image recognition
Long-Term Trends in the Public Perception of Artificial Intelligence.
public perception	artificial intelligence	long-term trends
Between Subgraph Isomorphism and Maximum Common Subgraph.
maximum common subgraph	subgraph isomorphism
Calliope: Mobile Manipulation From Commodity Components.
mobile manipulation	commodity components
Towards Safe Semi-Supervised Learning for Multivariate Performance Measures.
safe semi-supervised learning	multivariate performance measures
Community-Based Question Answering via Contextual Ranking Metric Network Learning.
contextual ranking metric network learning	community-based question answering
Towards Discovering What Patterns Trigger What Labels.
patterns trigger
Learning with Marginalized Corrupted Features and Labels Together.
marginalized corrupted features
SeqGAN: Sequence Generative Adversarial Nets with Policy Gradient.
sequence generative adversarial nets	policy gradient
Quantifying and Detecting Collective Motion by Manifold Learning.
detecting collective motion	manifold learning
Leveraging Domain Knowledge in Multitask Bayesian Network Structure Learning.
multitask bayesian network structure learning	leveraging domain knowledge
g-Planner: Real-time Motion Planning and Global Navigation using GPUs.
real-time motion planning	global navigation
Unsupervised Learning of Evolving Relationships Between Literary Characters.
evolving relationships	unsupervised learning	literary characters
Parameterised Verification of Infinite State Multi-Agent Systems via Predicate Abstraction.
infinite state multi-agent systems	parameterised verification	predicate abstraction
Computing Contingent Plans via Fully Observable Non-Deterministic Planning.
fully observable non-deterministic planning	computing contingent plans
Verbal Assistance in Tactile-Map Explorations: A Case for Visual Representations and Reasoning.
verbal assistance	visual representations	tactile-map explorations
Learning to Sing Like a Bird: The Self-Supervised Acquisition of Birdsong.
self-supervised acquisition
Composite Social Network for Predicting Mobile Apps Installation.
predicting mobile apps installation	composite social network
Relaxed Majorization-Minimization for Non-Smooth and Non-Convex Optimization.
relaxed majorization-minimization	non-convex optimization
Lazier Than Lazy Greedy.
lazy greedy
The Queue Method: Handling Delay, Heuristics, Prior Data, and Evaluation in Bandits.
handling delay	queue method	prior data
Entity Resolution in a Big Data Framework.
big data framework	entity resolution
Heuristic Search for Large Problems with Real Costs.
real costs	large problems	heuristic search
Disambiguating Noun Compounds.
disambiguating noun compounds
Improving Context and Category Matching for Entity Search.
improving context	entity search	category matching
Implementing Modal Extensions of Defeasible Logic for the Semantic Web.
implementing modal extensions	defeasible logic	semantic web
Multiple Outcome Supervised Latent Dirichlet Allocation for Expert Discovery in Online Forums.
multiple outcome supervised latent dirichlet allocation	online forums	expert discovery
Using Domain Knowledge to Improve Monte-Carlo Tree Search Performance in Parameterized Poker Squares.
improve monte-carlo tree search performance	parameterized poker squares	domain knowledge
Adaptive Importance Sampling with Automatic Model Selection in Value Function Approximation.
automatic model selection	adaptive importance sampling	function approximation
Power System Restoration With Transient Stability.
power system restoration	transient stability
Graph-Based Wrong IsA Relation Detection in a Large-Scale Lexical Taxonomy.
graph-based wrong isa relation detection	large-scale lexical taxonomy
Inductive Reasoning about Ontologies Using Conceptual Spaces.
conceptual spaces	inductive reasoning
Combining Hashing and Abstraction in Sparse High Dimensional Feature Spaces.
sparse high dimensional feature spaces	combining hashing
Evaluating the Performance of Presumed Payoff Perfect Information Monte Carlo Sampling Against Optimal Strategies.
presumed payoff perfect information monte carlo sampling	optimal strategies
Minimizing the Spread of Contamination by Blocking Links in a Network.
blocking links
Conflict-Driven Constraint Answer Set Solving with Lazy Nogood Generation.
conflict-driven constraint answer set solving	lazy nogood generation
Throwing Darts: Random Sampling Helps Tree Search when the Number of Short Certificates is Moderate.
random sampling helps tree search	short certificates	throwing darts
A Modal Logic for Beliefs and Pro Attitudes.
modal logic	pro attitudes
Facilitating the Evaluation of Automated Negotiators using Peer Designed Agents.
peer designed agents	automated negotiators
BDD-Constrained Search: A Unified Approach to Constrained Shortest Path Problems.
constrained shortest path problems	unified approach	bdd-constrained search
Wishart Mechanism for Differentially Private Principal Components Analysis.
differentially private principal components analysis	wishart mechanism
Coupled Interdependent Attribute Analysis on Mixed Data.
coupled interdependent attribute analysis	mixed data
Flattening the Density Gradient for Eliminating Spatial Centrality to Reduce Hubness.
eliminating spatial centrality	density gradient	reduce hubness
Bayesian Inference of Recursive Sequences of Group Activities from Tracks.
recursive sequences	group activities	bayesian inference
Challenges in Materials Discovery - Synthetic Generator and Real Datasets.
synthetic generator	real datasets	materials discovery
Evidence-Based Clustering for Scalable Inference in Markov Logic.
markov logic	evidence-based clustering	scalable inference
Incrementally Learning the Hierarchical Softmax Function for Neural Language Models.
hierarchical softmax function	neural language models	incrementally learning
A Tractable Leader-Follower MDP Model for Animal Disease Management.
tractable leader-follower mdp model	animal disease management
Computing an Extensive-Form Perfect Equilibrium in Two-Player Games.
extensive-form perfect equilibrium	two-player games
Toward Learning to Press Doorbell Buttons.
press doorbell buttons
The Induction and Transfer of Declarative Bias.
declarative bias
Context Transfer and Q-Transferable Tasks.
q-transferable tasks	context transfer
Crossing Boundaries: Multi-Level Introspection in a Complex Robotic Architecture for Automatic Performance Improvements.
automatic performance improvements	complex robotic architecture	crossing boundaries	multi-level introspection
Generalized Emphatic Temporal Difference Learning: Bias-Variance Analysis.
generalized emphatic temporal difference learning	bias-variance analysis
TDS+: Improving Temperature Discovery Search.
improving temperature discovery search
A Pattern Matching Based Model for Implicit Opinion Question Identification.
pattern matching based model	implicit opinion question identification
Fast Conditional Density Estimation for Quantitative Structure-Activity Relationships.
fast conditional density estimation	quantitative structure-activity relationships
Learning Concept Embeddings for Query Expansion by Quantum Entropy Minimization.
quantum entropy minimization	learning concept embeddings	query expansion
CrowdLang - First Steps Towards Programmable Human Computers for General Computation.
programmable human computers	general computation
RAIN: Social Role-Aware Information Diffusion.
social role-aware information diffusion
Representation Learning of Knowledge Graphs with Entity Descriptions.
representation learning	knowledge graphs	entity descriptions
Query Rewriting for Horn-SHIQ Plus Rules.
query rewriting
Bayesian Markov Games with Explicit Finite-Level Types.
bayesian markov games	explicit finite-level types
Inferring Latent User Properties from Texts Published in Social Media.
inferring latent user properties	social media	texts published
A Situation-Calculus Semantics for an Expressive Fragment of PDDL.
expressive fragment	situation-calculus semantics
Ethical Implications of Using the Paro Robot, with a Focus on Dementia Patient Care.
dementia patient care	paro robot	ethical implications
Efficient Online Model Adaptation by Incremental Simplex Tableau.
efficient online model adaptation	incremental simplex tableau
Sembler: Ensembling Crowd Sequential Labeling for Improved Quality.
ensembling crowd sequential labeling	improved quality
tBurton: A Divide and Conquer Temporal Planner.
conquer temporal planner
Fast Proximal Linearized Alternating Direction Method of Multiplier with Parallel Splitting.
fast proximal linearized alternating direction method	parallel splitting
SemRec: A Semantic Enhancement Framework for Tag Based Recommendation.
semantic enhancement framework	tag based recommendation
Stochastic Optimization for Kernel PCA.
stochastic optimization	kernel pca
Latent Class Models for Algorithm Portfolio Methods.
latent class models	algorithm portfolio methods
Strategic Advice Provision in Repeated Human-Agent Interactions.
strategic advice provision	repeated human-agent interactions
Building on Deep Learning.
deep learning
Efficient Memoization for Dynamic Programming with Ad-Hoc Constraints.
efficient memoization	dynamic programming	ad-hoc constraints
Improving Microblog Retrieval from Exterior Corpus by Automatically Constructing Microblogging Corpus.
automatically constructing microblogging corpus	improving microblog retrieval	exterior corpus
New l1-Norm Relaxations and Optimizations for Graph Clustering.
graph clustering	l1-norm relaxations
Online ARIMA Algorithms for Time Series Prediction.
online arima algorithms	time series prediction
Digitalkoot: Making Old Archives Accessible Using Crowdsourcing.
archives accessible
What Women Want: Analyzing Research Publications to Understand Gender Preferences in Computer Science.
analyzing research publications	understand gender preferences	computer science
Optimal Strategies for Reviewing Search Results.
reviewing search results	optimal strategies
An Architecture and Formalism for Handling Modular Ontologies.
handling modular ontologies
Using Social Relationships to Control Narrative Generation.
control narrative generation	social relationships
Decision-Theoretic User Interface Generation.
decision-theoretic user interface generation
Crowdsourced Outcome Determination in Prediction Markets.
crowdsourced outcome determination	prediction markets
A Scalable and Extensible Framework for Superposition-Structured Models.
superposition-structured models	extensible framework
Efficient Parameter Importance Analysis via Ablation with Surrogates.
efficient parameter importance analysis
Efficient Nonparametric Subgraph Detection Using Tree Shaped Priors.
efficient nonparametric subgraph detection	tree shaped priors
Learning Robust Locality Preserving Projection via p-Order Minimization.
learning robust locality preserving projection	p-order minimization
Write-righter: An Academic Writing Assistant System.
academic writing assistant system
Concept of a Data Thread Based Parking Space Occupancy Prediction in a Berlin Pilot Region.
data thread based parking space occupancy prediction	berlin pilot region
Misspecified Linear Bandits.
misspecified linear bandits
Using Semantic Cues to Learn Syntax.
semantic cues	learn syntax
Goal-Driven Autonomy in a Navy Strategy Simulation.
navy strategy simulation	goal-driven autonomy
LARS: A Logic-Based Framework for Analyzing Reasoning over Streams.
logic-based framework	analyzing reasoning
Distribution-Aware Sampling and Weighted Model Counting for SAT.
weighted model counting	distribution-aware sampling
Selecting Near-Optimal Learners via Incremental Data Allocation.
selecting near-optimal learners	incremental data allocation
Ontology Module Extraction via Datalog Reasoning.
ontology module extraction	datalog reasoning
AI for Smart Grids and Smart Buildings, Papers from the 2016 AAAI Workshop, Phoenix, Arizona, USA, February 12, 2016.
2016 aaai workshop	smart buildings	smart grids
Social Hierarchical Learning.
social hierarchical learning
Elementary Loops Revisited.
elementary loops revisited
Loss-Calibrated Monte Carlo Action Selection.
loss-calibrated monte carlo action selection
Linear Submodular Bandits with a Knapsack Constraint.
linear submodular bandits	knapsack constraint
Semi-Supervised Matrix Completion for Cross-Lingual Text Classification.
cross-lingual text classification	semi-supervised matrix completion
Gene Selection in Microarray Datasets Using Progressively Refined PSO Scheme.
progressively refined pso scheme	microarray datasets	gene selection
Identifying Sentiment Words Using an Optimization Model with L1 Regularization.
identifying sentiment words	l1 regularization	optimization model
R* Search.
* search
AI Projects for Computer Science Capstone Classes (Extended Abstract).
computer science capstone classes	extended abstract	ai projects
Column Networks for Collective Classification.
column networks	collective classification
Memetic Networks: Analyzing the Effects of Network Properties in Multi-Agent Performance.
multi-agent performance	network properties	memetic networks
Greedy Flipping for Constrained Word Deletion.
constrained word deletion	greedy flipping
Towards Better Understanding the Clothing Fashion Styles: A Multimodal Deep Learning Approach.
multimodal deep learning approach	clothing fashion styles
Kont: Computing Tradeoffs in Normative Multiagent Systems.
normative multiagent systems	computing tradeoffs
Active Discriminative Text Representation Learning.
active discriminative text representation learning
Enriching Chatter Bots With Semantic Conversation Control.
enriching chatter bots	semantic conversation control
Analogical Chaining with Natural Language Instruction for Commonsense Reasoning.
natural language instruction	commonsense reasoning	analogical chaining
Extracting Adverse Drug Reactions from Social Media.
extracting adverse drug reactions	social media
Teams in Online Scheduling Polls: Game-Theoretic Aspects.
online scheduling polls	game-theoretic aspects
A Distributed Anytime Algorithm for Dynamic Task Allocation in Multi-Agent Systems.
distributed anytime algorithm	dynamic task allocation	multi-agent systems
Cloning in Elections.
cloning
A Hidden Markov Model Approach to Infer Timescales for High-Resolution Climate Archives.
hidden markov model approach	high-resolution climate archives	infer timescales
Logical Foundations of Privacy-Preserving Publishing of Linked Data.
logical foundations	linked data	privacy-preserving publishing
Extracting Biomolecular Interactions Using Semantic Parsing of Biomedical Text.
extracting biomolecular interactions	semantic parsing	biomedical text
Stability and Incentive Compatibility in a Kernel-Based Combinatorial Auction.
kernel-based combinatorial auction	incentive compatibility
Predicting Power Failures with Reactive Point Processes.
reactive point processes	predicting power failures
Learning Names for RFID-Tagged Objects in Activity Videos.
learning names	rfid-tagged objects	activity videos
The Quest Draft: An Automated Course Allocation Algorithm.
allocation algorithm	quest draft
Privacy-CNH: A Framework to Detect Photo Privacy with Convolutional Neural Network using Hierarchical Features.
convolutional neural network	detect photo privacy	hierarchical features
Scalable Graph Embedding for Asymmetric Proximity.
scalable graph embedding	asymmetric proximity
Defining the Complexity of an Activity.
complexity
Intention Guided Belief Revision.
intention guided belief revision
PAG2ADMG: A Novel Methodology to Enumerate Causal Graph Structures.
enumerate causal graph structures
Deep Modeling Complex Couplings within Financial Markets.
deep modeling complex couplings	financial markets
Eliminating the Weakest Link: Making Manipulation Intractable?
making manipulation intractable	weakest link
Encoding Lineage in Scholarly Articles.
encoding lineage	scholarly articles
Relational Learning for Collective Classification of Entities in Images.
relational learning	collective classification
On the Subexponential Time Complexity of CSP.
subexponential time complexity
Clustering via Dirichlet Process Mixture Models for Portable Skill Discovery.
dirichlet process mixture models	portable skill discovery
Pushing the Power of Stochastic Greedy Ordering Schemes for Inference in Graphical Models.
stochastic greedy ordering schemes	graphical models
Multiresolution Recurrent Neural Networks: An Application to Dialogue Response Generation.
multiresolution recurrent neural networks	dialogue response generation
Efficient Macroscopic Urban Traffic Models for Reducing Congestion: A PDDL+ Planning Approach.
efficient macroscopic urban traffic models	pddl+ planning approach	reducing congestion
Template-Independent News Extraction Based on Visual Consistency.
template-independent news extraction based	visual consistency
Acquiring Speech Transcriptions Using Mismatched Crowdsourcing.
acquiring speech transcriptions	mismatched crowdsourcing
A Phrase-Based Method for Hierarchical Clustering of Web Snippets.
web snippets	hierarchical clustering	phrase-based method
Computing Game-Theoretic Solutions and Applications to Security.
computing game-theoretic solutions
Resolving Over-Constrained Probabilistic Temporal Problems through Chance Constraint Relaxation.
resolving over-constrained probabilistic temporal problems	chance constraint relaxation
Intelligent Output Interface for Intelligent Medical Search Engine.
intelligent medical search engine	intelligent output interface
Mixed-Initiative, Entity-Centric Data Aggregation using Assistopedia.
entity-centric data aggregation
Extracting Urban Microclimates from Electricity Bills.
extracting urban microclimates	electricity bills
Effective End-User Interaction with Machine Learning.
effective end-user interaction	machine learning
Mechanism Learning with Mechanism Induced Data.
mechanism induced data	mechanism learning
Agent Based Intelligent Decluttering Enhancements.
agent based intelligent decluttering enhancements
A Human-Inspired Cognitive Architecture Supporting Self Regulated Learning in Problem Solving.
human-inspired cognitive architecture supporting	regulated learning	problem solving
MAXSAT Heuristics for Cost Optimal Planning.
cost optimal planning	maxsat heuristics
Learning in Repeated Games with Minimal Information: The Effects of Learning Bias.
minimal information	repeated games
Syntactic Skeleton-Based Translation.
syntactic skeleton-based translation
Late-Breaking Developments in the Field of Artificial Intelligence, Bellevue, Washington, USA, July 14-18, 2013
july 14-18	late-breaking developments	artificial intelligence
How Many Diagnoses Do We Need?
diagnoses
Llull and Copeland Voting Broadly Resist Bribery and Control.
copeland voting broadly resist bribery
Recovering True Classifier Performance in Positive-Unlabeled Learning.
recovering true classifier performance	positive-unlabeled learning
Estimation of Suitable Action to Realize Given Novel Effect with Given Tool Using Bayesian Tool Affordances.
bayesian tool affordances	suitable action
Exploiting QBF Duality on a Circuit Representation.
exploiting qbf duality	circuit representation
Dynamic Matching via Weighted Myopia with Application to Kidney Exchange.
kidney exchange	weighted myopia	dynamic matching
Transferring Localization Models across Space.
transferring localization models
Efficient Lifting for Online Probabilistic Inference.
online probabilistic inference	efficient lifting
Using Expectations to Drive Cognitive Behavior.
drive cognitive behavior
Text Classification with Heterogeneous Information Network Kernels.
heterogeneous information network kernels	text classification
Organizers.
organizers
A Noise Scaled Semi Parametric Gaussian Process Model for Real Time Water Network Leak Detection in the Presence of Heteroscedasticity.
noise scaled semi parametric gaussian process model	real time water network leak detection
Online Portfolio Selection with Group Sparsity.
online portfolio selection	group sparsity
A Switching Planner for Combined Task and Observation Planning.
switching planner	observation planning	combined task
Automatic Group Sparse Coding.
automatic group sparse coding
Spectral Thompson Sampling.
spectral thompson sampling
Recommendation by Mining Multiple User Behaviors with Group Sparsity.
mining multiple user behaviors	group sparsity
The Common Origins of Language and Action.
common origins
Semantic Parsing with Neural Hybrid Trees.
neural hybrid trees	semantic parsing
Making Searchable Melodies: Human versus Machine.
making searchable melodies	human versus machine
Identifying Hierarchies for Fast Optimal Search.
fast optimal search	identifying hierarchies
Coupled Multi-Layer Attentions for Co-Extraction of Aspect and Opinion Terms.
coupled multi-layer attentions	opinion terms
Learning Instance Concepts from Multiple-Instance Data with Bags as Distributions.
learning instance concepts	multiple-instance data
Fast Convention Formation in Dynamic Networks Using Topological Knowledge.
fast convention formation	dynamic networks	topological knowledge
Machine Learning for Meeting Analysis.
meeting analysis	machine learning
Enabling Public Access to Non-Open Access Biomedical Literature via Idea-Expression Dichotomy and Fact Extraction.
non-open access biomedical literature	enabling public access	fact extraction	idea-expression dichotomy
Strengthening Agents Strategic Ability with Communication.
strengthening agents strategic ability
m-Transportability: Transportability of a Causal Effect from Multiple Environments.
multiple environments	causal effect
Content-Structural Relation Inference in Knowledge Base.
content-structural relation inference	knowledge base
Online Bayesian Models for Personal Analytics in Social Media.
online bayesian models	social media	personal analytics
Using Signals of Human Interest to Enhance Single-document Summarization.
enhance single-document summarization	human interest
Model-Free Preference-Based Reinforcement Learning.
model-free preference-based reinforcement learning
Autonomous Skill Acquisition on a Mobile Manipulator.
autonomous skill acquisition	mobile manipulator
Seeing the Unseen Network: Inferring Hidden Social Ties from Respondent-Driven Sampling.
inferring hidden social ties	unseen network	respondent-driven sampling
Constrained Submodular Minimization for Missing Labels and Class Imbalance in Multi-label Learning.
constrained submodular minimization	multi-label learning	missing labels	class imbalance
Dropout Training for Support Vector Machines.
support vector machines	dropout training
Exploiting both Vertical and Horizontal Dimensions of Feature Hierarchy for Effective Recommendation.
effective recommendation	horizontal dimensions	feature hierarchy
A Hybrid Architectural Approach to Understanding and Appropriately Generating Indirect Speech Acts.
appropriately generating indirect speech acts	hybrid architectural approach
Quick Polytope Approximation of All Correlated Equilibria in Stochastic Games.
quick polytope approximation	stochastic games	correlated equilibria
Computing Least Cores of Supermodular Cooperative Games.
supermodular cooperative games
Dealing with Ethical Conflicts in Autonomous Agents and Multi-Agent Systems.
multi-agent systems	autonomous agents	ethical conflicts
Epitomic Image Super-Resolution.
epitomic image super-resolution
Re-Examining the Mental Imagery Debate with Neuropsychological Data from the Clock Drawing Test.
clock drawing test	mental imagery debate	neuropsychological data
Learning Relative Similarity by Stochastic Dual Coordinate Ascent.
stochastic dual coordinate ascent	learning relative similarity
Human Spatial Relational Reasoning: Processing Demands, Representations, and Cognitive Model.
human spatial relational reasoning	processing demands	cognitive model
Real-time Alert Correlation Using Stream Data Mining Techniques.
stream data mining techniques	real-time alert correlation
Frame Skip Is a Powerful Parameter for Learning to Play Atari.
powerful parameter	frame skip	play atari
From Non-Negative to General Operator Cost Partitioning.
general operator cost partitioning
Automated Analysis of Commitment Protocols Using Probabilistic Model Checking.
probabilistic model checking	commitment protocols	automated analysis
Explanation Support for the Case-Based Reasoning Tool myCBR.
case-based reasoning tool mycbr	explanation support
An Efficient Forest-Based Tabu Search Algorithm for the Split-delivery Vehicle Routing Problem.
efficient forest-based tabu search algorithm	split-delivery vehicle routing problem
Online Search Algorithm Configuration.
online search algorithm configuration
Autonomous Inter-Task Transfer in Reinforcement Learning Domains.
reinforcement learning domains	autonomous inter-task transfer
Non-Negative Matrix Factorization with Constraints.
non-negative matrix factorization
Lower Dimensional Representations of City Neighbourhoods.
lower dimensional representations	city neighbourhoods
Bagging by Design (on the Suboptimality of Bagging).
bagging
Solution Diversity in Planning.
solution diversity
Labeling the Features Not the Samples: Efficient Video Classification with Minimal Supervision.
efficient video classification	minimal supervision
A Robust Bayesian Truth Serum for Small Populations.
robust bayesian truth serum	small populations
Handling Uncertainty in Answer Set Programming.
answer set programming	handling uncertainty
Two-Stream Contextualized CNN for Fine-Grained Image Classification.
two-stream contextualized cnn	fine-grained image classification
MetaSeer.STEM: Towards Automating Meta-Analyses.
automating meta-analyses
Grouping Queries with SV-Semantics in Preference SQL.
grouping queries	preference sql
How Bad Is Selfish Voting?
selfish voting
Goal Operations for Cognitive Systems.
goal operations	cognitive systems
Evolution of Node Behavior in Link Prediction.
link prediction	node behavior
Optimal Proportional Cake Cutting with Connected Pieces.
optimal proportional cake cutting	connected pieces
Point-Based POMDP Solving with Factored Value Function Approximation.
point-based pomdp solving	function approximation
A Robot That Uses Existing Vocabulary to Infer Non-Visual Word Meanings from Observation.
infer non-visual word meanings	existing vocabulary
Reasoning About Sketches Using Context, Domain Knowledge, and Interaction with the User.
domain knowledge
Where and Why Users "Check In".
users
Language Models for Semantic Extraction and Filtering in Video Action Recognition.
video action recognition	semantic extraction	language models
A Tri-Role Topic Model for Domain-Specific Question Answering.
tri-role topic model	domain-specific question answering
Mining Query Subtopics from Questions in Community Question Answering.
mining query subtopics	community question answering
Model Learning and Real-Time Tracking Using Multi-Resolution Surfel Maps.
multi-resolution surfel maps	model learning	real-time tracking
Adaptive Abstraction of Constraint-Based Models for Self-Diagnosis and Planning.
constraint-based models	adaptive abstraction
A Neural Probabilistic Model for Context Based Citation Recommendation.
context based citation recommendation	neural probabilistic model
M-Unit EigenAnt: An Ant Algorithm to Find the M Best Solutions.
m-unit eigenant	ant algorithm
An EBMC-Based Approach to Selecting Types for Entity Filtering.
selecting types	ebmc-based approach	entity filtering
Fine-Grained Photovoltaic Output Prediction Using a Bayesian Ensemble.
fine-grained photovoltaic output prediction	bayesian ensemble
Fast Inverse Reinforcement Learning with Interval Consistent Graph for Driving Behavior Prediction.
fast inverse reinforcement learning	driving behavior prediction	interval consistent graph
Efficiently Implementing GOLOG with Answer Set Programming.
efficiently implementing golog	answer set programming
Mixed Heuristic Local Search for Protein Structure Prediction.
mixed heuristic local search	protein structure prediction
Random Projection with Filtering for Nearly Duplicate Search.
random projection	duplicate search
Gradient Networks: Explicit Shape Matching Without Extracting Edges.
explicit shape matching	gradient networks	extracting edges
Clustering Crowds.
clustering crowds
Using Declarative Programming in an Introductory Computer Science Course for High School Students.
high school students	introductory computer science	declarative programming
An Exact Algorithm for the Maximum Weight Clique Problem in Large Graphs.
maximum weight clique problem	large graphs	exact algorithm
A General Method for Reducing the Complexity of Relational Inference and its Application to MCMC.
relational inference	general method
Improving Exploration in UCT Using Local Manifolds.
local manifolds	improving exploration
Automated Data Cleansing through Meta-Learning.
automated data cleansing
Automated Abstractions for Patrolling Security Games.
patrolling security games	automated abstractions
Multi-Task Learning in Square Integrable Space.
square integrable space	multi-task learning
Efficient Extraction of QBF (Counter)models from Long-Distance Resolution Proofs.
long-distance resolution proofs	efficient extraction
Semantical Considerations on Dialectical and Practical Commitments.
practical commitments	semantical considerations
Learning Behavior Hierarchies via High-Dimensional Sensor Projection.
learning behavior hierarchies	high-dimensional sensor projection
Optimizations and Extensions for the Horn Transaction Logic Programs.
horn transaction logic programs
Solving Zero-Sum Security Games in Discretized Spatio-Temporal Domains.
solving zero-sum security games	discretized spatio-temporal domains
An Analysis of Power TAC 2013 Trial.
power tac 2013 trial
Qualitative Planning under Partial Observability in Multi-Agent Domains.
qualitative planning	partial observability	multi-agent domains
Valuation Uncertainty and Imperfect Introspection in Second-Price Auctions.
imperfect introspection	valuation uncertainty	second-price auctions
On the Relation of Constraint Answer Set Programming Languages and Algorithms.
constraint answer set programming languages
A Method for Large-Scale l1-Regularized Logistic Regression.
large-scale l1-regularized logistic regression
Correlated Cascades: Compete or Cooperate.
correlated cascades
A Robust Bayesian Truth Serum for Non-Binary Signals.
robust bayesian truth serum	non-binary signals
Exploiting the Hidden Structure of Junction Trees for MPE.
hidden structure	junction trees
Using Deep and Convolutional Neural Networks for Accurate Emotion Classification on DEAP Dataset.
accurate emotion classification	convolutional neural networks	deap dataset
Scaling-Up MAP and Marginal MAP Inference in Markov Logic.
marginal map inference	markov logic
Absent Multiple Kernel Learning.
absent multiple kernel learning
Automated Construction of Visual-Linguistic Knowledge via Concept Learning from Cartoon Videos.
concept learning	cartoon videos	visual-linguistic knowledge	automated construction
Monte Carlo Filtering Using Kernel Embedding of Distributions.
monte carlo filtering	kernel embedding
On the Diagnosis of Cyber-Physical Production Systems.
cyber-physical production systems
Diagnosing Changes in An Ontology Stream: A DL Reasoning Approach.
dl reasoning approach	ontology stream
Explaining Ourselves: Human-Aware Constraint Reasoning.
human-aware constraint reasoning
Learning Actions and Action Verbs from Human-Agent Interaction.
action verbs	human-agent interaction	learning actions
Continual On-Line Planning.
continual on-line planning
Semi-Relaxed Plan Heuristics.
semi-relaxed plan heuristics
SCRAM: Scalable Collision-avoiding Role Assignment with Minimal-Makespan for Formational Positioning.
scalable collision-avoiding role assignment	formational positioning
Embedded Unsupervised Feature Selection.
embedded unsupervised feature selection
Learning to Solve QBF.
solve qbf
Deterministic Attention for Sequence-to-Sequence Constituent Parsing.
sequence-to-sequence constituent parsing	deterministic attention
Articulated Pose Estimation Using Hierarchical Exemplar-Based Models.
hierarchical exemplar-based models	articulated pose estimation
Unsupervised Feature Selection with Structured Graph Optimization.
unsupervised feature selection	structured graph optimization
A Scalable Message-Passing Algorithm for Supply Chain Formation.
supply chain formation	scalable message-passing algorithm
Ethical Dilemmas for Adaptive Persuasion Systems.
adaptive persuasion systems	ethical dilemmas
Acquiring Commonsense Knowledge for Sentiment Analysis through Human Computation.
acquiring commonsense knowledge	human computation	sentiment analysis
Scalable Integration of Analytics and Visualization, Papers from the 2011 AAAI Workshop, San Francisco, California, USA, August 07, 2011
scalable integration	san francisco	2011 aaai workshop
A First-Order Interpreter for Knowledge-Based Golog with Sensing based on Exact Progression and Limited Reasoning.
limited reasoning	knowledge-based golog	first-order interpreter	exact progression	sensing based
The Effects of Performance-Contingent Financial Incentives in Online Labor Markets.
online labor markets	performance-contingent financial incentives
Using Narrative Function to Extract Qualitative Information from Natural Language Texts.
natural language texts	extract qualitative information	narrative function
ProjE: Embedding Projection for Knowledge Graph Completion.
knowledge graph completion	embedding projection
Searching for Optimal Off-Line Exploration Paths in Grid Environments for a Robot with Limited Visibility.
optimal off-line exploration paths	limited visibility	grid environments
A Fractal Analogy Approach to the Raven's Test of Intelligence.
fractal analogy approach
Integrating Opponent Models with Monte-Carlo Tree Search in Poker.
integrating opponent models	monte-carlo tree search
PD Disease State Assessment in Naturalistic Environments Using Deep Learning.
pd disease state assessment	deep learning	naturalistic environments
Smart Charging of Electric Vehicles using Reinforcement Learning.
smart charging	electric vehicles	reinforcement learning
Reformulating Temporal Action Logics in Answer Set Programming.
reformulating temporal action logics	answer set programming
Crowdsourcing Complex Workflows under Budget Constraints.
crowdsourcing complex workflows	budget constraints
TGSum: Build Tweet Guided Multi-Document Summarization Dataset.
build tweet guided multi-document summarization dataset
Scalable Causal Learning for Predicting Adverse Events in Smart Buildings.
predicting adverse events	scalable causal learning	smart buildings
Noise-Adaptive Margin-Based Active Learning and Lower Bounds under Tsybakov Noise Condition.
noise-adaptive margin-based active learning	tsybakov noise condition	lower bounds
Interactive Bootstrapped Learning for End-User Programming.
interactive bootstrapped learning	end-user programming
Fairness and Welfare Through Redistribution When Utility Is Transferable.
utility
Toward an Architecture for Never-Ending Language Learning.
never-ending language learning
On the Depth of Deep Neural Networks: A Theoretical View.
deep neural networks	theoretical view
Price of Pareto Optimality in Hedonic Games.
hedonic games	pareto optimality
A Qualitative Approach to Multiple Fault Isolation in Continuous Systems.
multiple fault isolation	continuous systems	qualitative approach
Position Paper: Embracing Heterogeneity - Improving Energy Efficiency for Interactive Services on Heterogeneous Data Center Hardware.
heterogeneous data center hardware	improving energy efficiency	interactive services	position paper	embracing heterogeneity
Expressive Banner Ad Auctions and Model-Based Online Optimization for Clearing.
expressive banner ad auctions	model-based online optimization
The Simultaneous Maze Solving Problem.
simultaneous maze solving problem
Coordination of Multiple Teams of Robots for an Optimal Global Plan.
optimal global plan	multiple teams
When Did You Start Doing that Thing that You Do? Interactive Activity Recognition and Prompting.
interactive activity recognition
Solving 4x5 Dots-And-Boxes.
solving 4x5 dots-and-boxes
Heuristic Planning for PDDL+ Domains.
heuristic planning	pddl+ domains
A Game-Theoretic Approach to Influence in Networks.
game-theoretic approach
Online Inference-Rule Learning from Natural-Language Extractions.
online inference-rule learning	natural-language extractions
YARP, a Thin Middleware for (Humanoid) Robots.
thin middleware
Population-Based Simulated Annealing for Traveling Tournaments.
population-based simulated annealing	traveling tournaments
The Hidden Permutation Model and Location-Based Activity Recognition.
location-based activity recognition	hidden permutation model
Importance Sampling with Unequal Support.
importance sampling	unequal support
Direct Semantic Analysis for Social Image Classification.
social image classification	direct semantic analysis
Interactive Configuration with Regular String Constraints.
regular string constraints	interactive configuration
What Is an Opinion About? Exploring Political Standpoints Using Opinion Scoring Model.
exploring political standpoints	opinion scoring model
Image Cosegmentation via Saliency-Guided Constrained Clustering with Cosine Similarity.
saliency-guided constrained clustering	cosine similarity	image cosegmentation
Advice Provision in Multiple Prospect Selection Problems.
multiple prospect selection problems	advice provision
Reduce and Re-Lift: Bootstrapped Lifted Likelihood Maximization for MAP.
bootstrapped lifted likelihood maximization
PBA*: Using Proactive Search to Make A* Robust to Unplanned Deviations.
unplanned deviations	proactive search
Interactive Query-Based Debugging of ASP Programs.
interactive query-based debugging	asp programs
Learning Constraints and Optimization Criteria.
learning constraints	optimization criteria
Non-Parametric Estimation of Multiple Embeddings for Link Prediction on Dynamic Knowledge Graphs.
dynamic knowledge graphs	non-parametric estimation	multiple embeddings	link prediction
Sample-Adaptive Multiple Kernel Learning.
sample-adaptive multiple kernel learning
Personalized Microblog Sentiment Classification via Multi-Task Learning.
personalized microblog sentiment classification	multi-task learning
Global Policy Construction in Modular Reinforcement Learning.
global policy construction	modular reinforcement learning
Bilinear Probabilistic Canonical Correlation Analysis via Hybrid Concatenations.
bilinear probabilistic canonical correlation analysis	hybrid concatenations
Autonomous Hierarchical POMDP Planning from Low-Level Sensors.
autonomous hierarchical pomdp planning	low-level sensors
Reinforcement Learning via AIXI Approximation.
aixi approximation	reinforcement learning
Competing Schedulers.
competing schedulers
When Robots Play Dice: The Flameless Fire - It's Never Been Easier to Burn Books.
robots play dice	burn books	flameless fire
SMT-Based Nonlinear PDDL+ Planning.
smt-based nonlinear pddl+ planning
ET-LDA: Joint Topic Modeling for Aligning Events and their Twitter Feedback.
joint topic modeling	twitter feedback	aligning events
Relational Deep Learning: A Deep Latent Variable Model for Link Prediction.
deep latent variable model	relational deep learning	link prediction
Generating Hard SAT/CSP Instances Using Expander Graphs.
generating hard sat/csp instances	expander graphs
One-Step Spectral Clustering via Dynamically Learning Affinity Matrix and Subspace.
dynamically learning affinity matrix	one-step spectral clustering
Catch Me If You Can: Pursuit and Capture in Polygonal Environments with Obstacles.
polygonal environments
Symbiotic Cognitive Computing through Iteratively Supervised Lexicon Induction.
iteratively supervised lexicon induction	symbiotic cognitive computing
Probabilistic Models for Common Spatial Patterns: Parameter-Expanded EM and Variational Bayes.
common spatial patterns	probabilistic models	parameter-expanded em	variational bayes
Data-Augmented Software Diagnosis.
data-augmented software diagnosis
Social Cognition: Memory Decay and Adaptive Information Filtering for Robust Information Maintenance.
adaptive information filtering	robust information maintenance	social cognition	memory decay
Congestion Games with Agent Failures.
congestion games	agent failures
A Mathematical Programming-Based Approach to Determining Objective Functions from Qualitative and Subjective Comparisons.
determining objective functions	mathematical programming-based approach	subjective comparisons
Dynamically Switching between Synergistic Workflows for Crowdsourcing.
dynamically switching	synergistic workflows
Lazy Arithmetic Circuits.
lazy arithmetic circuits
Deep Learning with S-Shaped Rectified Linear Activation Units.
s-shaped rectified linear activation units	deep learning
Efficient Spectral Feature Selection with Minimum Redundancy.
efficient spectral feature selection	minimum redundancy
Condensed Memory Networks for Clinical Diagnostic Inferencing.
condensed memory networks	clinical diagnostic inferencing
Deep Reinforcement Learning with Double Q-Learning.
deep reinforcement learning	double q-learning
Artificial Intelligence for Predictive and Evidence Based Architecture Design.
evidence based architecture design	artificial intelligence
Uncorrelated Multi-View Discrimination Dictionary Learning for Recognition.
uncorrelated multi-view discrimination dictionary learning
Dancing with Decision Diagrams: A Combined Approach to Exact Cover.
decision diagrams	combined approach	exact cover
High-Resolution Mobile Fingerprint Matching via Deep Joint KNN-Triplet Embedding.
deep joint knn-triplet embedding	high-resolution mobile fingerprint matching
Modeling and Mining Spatiotemporal Patterns of Infection Risk from Heterogeneous Data for Active Surveillance Planning.
active surveillance planning	mining spatiotemporal patterns	heterogeneous data	infection risk
Authorial Idioms for Target Distributions in TTD-MDPs.
target distributions	authorial idioms
Sequential Click Prediction for Sponsored Search with Recurrent Neural Networks.
sequential click prediction	recurrent neural networks	sponsored search
Bayesian Approach to Modeling and Detecting Communities in Signed Network.
signed network	bayesian approach	detecting communities
Reformulation of Global Constraints in Answer Set Programming.
answer set programming	global constraints
Problems in Large-Scale Image Classification.
large-scale image classification
Resolution and Parallelizability: Barriers to the Efficient Parallelization of SAT Solvers.
sat solvers	efficient parallelization
Discovering Latent Strategies.
discovering latent strategies
Modeling Human Ad Hoc Coordination.
modeling human ad hoc coordination
Improving Similarity Measures for Short Segments of Text.
improving similarity measures	short segments
Discovering Human and Machine Readable Descriptions of Malware Families.
machine readable descriptions	discovering human	malware families
Solving Indefinite Kernel Support Vector Machine with Difference of Convex Functions Programming.
solving indefinite kernel support vector machine	convex functions programming
Playing Chess with a Human-Scale Mobile Manipulator.
human-scale mobile manipulator	playing chess
A Robotics Environment for Software Engineering Courses.
software engineering courses	robotics environment
Two Perspectives on Learning Rich Representations from Robot Experience.
learning rich representations	robot experience
Gradient Descent with Proximal Average for Nonconvex and Composite Regularization.
gradient descent	composite regularization	proximal average
AffectiveSpace 2: Enabling Affective Intuition for Concept-Level Sentiment Analysis.
concept-level sentiment analysis	enabling affective intuition
From Duels to Battlefields: Computing Equilibria of Blotto and Other Games.
computing equilibria
Building End-To-End Dialogue Systems Using Generative Hierarchical Neural Network Models.
generative hierarchical neural network models	building end-to-end dialogue systems
The Scalability of the HyperPlay Technique for Imperfect-Information Games.
imperfect-information games	hyperplay technique
Large-Scale Analogical Reasoning.
large-scale analogical reasoning
Acronym Disambiguation Using Word Embedding.
word embedding	acronym disambiguation
SReN: Shape Regression Network for Comic Storyboard Extraction.
shape regression network	comic storyboard extraction
Market Manipulation with Outside Incentives.
market manipulation
Frugal Coordinate Descent for Large-Scale NNLS.
frugal coordinate descent	large-scale nnls
Structured Sparsity with Group-Graph Regularization.
structured sparsity	group-graph regularization
Spatio-Temporal Consistency as a Means to Identify Unlabeled Objects in a Continuous Data Field.
identify unlabeled objects	continuous data field	spatio-temporal consistency
Extensive-Form Perfect Equilibrium Computation in Two-Player Games.
extensive-form perfect equilibrium computation	two-player games
Strategyproof Exchange with Multiple Private Endowments.
multiple private endowments	strategyproof exchange
Planning as an Iterative Process.
iterative process
On the Impossibility of Convex Inference in Human Computation.
convex inference	human computation
Heuristics and Symmetries in Classical Planning.
classical planning
Metacognition for Detecting and Resolving Conflicts in Operational Policies.
operational policies	resolving conflicts
Online Detection of Abnormal Events Using Incremental Coding Length.
incremental coding length	online detection	abnormal events
Robotic Crawling Assistance for Infants with Cerebral Palsy.
robotic crawling assistance	cerebral palsy
OASIS: Online Active Semi-Supervised Learning.
online active semi-supervised learning
Realistic Assumptions for Attacks on Elections.
realistic assumptions
Recognising Multidimensional Euclidean Preferences.
recognising multidimensional euclidean preferences
On Learning Causal Models from Relational Data.
learning causal models	relational data
Adaptable Fault Identification for Smart Buildings.
adaptable fault identification	smart buildings
Spatial Representation and Reasoning for Human-Robot Collaboration.
spatial representation	human-robot collaboration
Problem Difficulty and the Phase Transition in Heuristic Search.
problem difficulty	heuristic search	phase transition
Cost-Effective Feature Selection and Ordering for Personalized Energy Estimates.
personalized energy estimates	cost-effective feature selection
Approximate Equilibrium and Incentivizing Social Coordination.
incentivizing social coordination	approximate equilibrium
Opponent Behaviour Recognition for Real-Time Strategy Games.
opponent behaviour recognition	real-time strategy games
Incentive-Compatible Trust Mechanisms.
incentive-compatible trust mechanisms
On the Challenges of Physical Implementations of RBMs.
physical implementations
Multiagent Interaction without Prior Coordination, Papers from the 2016 AAAI Workshop, Phoenix, Arizona, USA, February 13, 2016.
multiagent interaction	prior coordination	2016 aaai workshop
Optimal Testing of Structured Knowledge.
optimal testing	structured knowledge
Latent Variable Model for Learning in Pairwise Markov Networks.
latent variable model	pairwise markov networks
A Fast Algorithm to Compute Maximum k-Plexes in Social Network Analysis.
social network analysis	compute maximum k-plexes	fast algorithm
Collective Multiagent Sequential Decision Making Under Uncertainty.
collective multiagent sequential decision making
HyperPlay: A Solution to General Game Playing with Imperfect Information.
general game playing	imperfect information
Sampling with Memoization.
memoization
Large Graph Hashing with Spectral Rotation.
large graph hashing	spectral rotation
Search-Based Path Planning with Homotopy Class Constraints.
homotopy class constraints	search-based path planning
Learning a Hybrid Architecture for Sequence Regression and Annotation.
sequence regression	hybrid architecture
Good Rationalizations of Voting Rules.
good rationalizations	voting rules
Margin-Based Feature Selection in Incomplete Data.
margin-based feature selection	incomplete data
Resistance to Corruption of Strategic Argumentation.
strategic argumentation
Multivariate Hawkes Processes for Large-Scale Inference.
multivariate hawkes processes	large-scale inference
Controlled School Choice with Soft Bounds and Overlapping Types.
controlled school choice	soft bounds	overlapping types
Open-Universe Weighted Model Counting.
open-universe weighted model counting
Automated Workflow Synthesis.
automated workflow synthesis
Poisson Sum-Product Networks: A Deep Architecture for Tractable Multivariate Poisson Distributions.
tractable multivariate poisson distributions	poisson sum-product networks	deep architecture
Unsupervised Feature Learning through Divergent Discriminative Feature Accumulation.
divergent discriminative feature accumulation	unsupervised feature learning
Nystrom Approximation for Sparse Kernel Methods: Theoretical Analysis and Empirical Evaluation.
sparse kernel methods	theoretical analysis	nystrom approximation	empirical evaluation
Inferring Interpersonal Relations in Narrative Summaries.
inferring interpersonal relations	narrative summaries
Modeling and Experimentation Framework for Fuzzy Cognitive Maps.
fuzzy cognitive maps	experimentation framework
An Agent Model for the Appraisal of Normative Events Based in In-Group and Out-Group Relations.
normative events based	agent model	out-group relations
Column Sampling Based Discrete Supervised Hashing.
column sampling based discrete supervised hashing
A Deep Hierarchical Approach to Lifelong Learning in Minecraft.
deep hierarchical approach	lifelong learning
Data-Efficient Generalization of Robot Skills with Contextual Policy Search.
contextual policy search	robot skills	data-efficient generalization
Question Difficulty Prediction for READING Problems in Standard Tests.
question difficulty prediction	reading problems	standard tests
GiSS: Combining Gibbs Sampling and SampleSearch for Inference in Mixed Probabilistic and Deterministic Graphical Models.
combining gibbs sampling	deterministic graphical models	mixed probabilistic
HC-Search for Multi-Label Prediction: An Empirical Study.
multi-label prediction	empirical study
Regularized Diffusion Process for Visual Retrieval.
regularized diffusion process	visual retrieval
Lifelong Credit Assignment with the Success-Story Algorithm.
lifelong credit assignment	success-story algorithm
Large-Margin Multi-Label Causal Feature Learning.
large-margin multi-label causal feature learning
Exploiting the Structure of Distributed Constraint Optimization Problems.
distributed constraint optimization problems
Guiding Scientific Discovery with Explanations Using DEMUD.
guiding scientific discovery
Creating Model-Based Adaptive Environments Using Game-Specific and Game-Independent Analytics.
creating model-based adaptive environments	game-independent analytics
A Reinforcement Learning Algorithm with Polynomial Interaction Complexity for Only-Costly-Observable MDPs.
reinforcement learning algorithm	polynomial interaction complexity	only-costly-observable mdps
Finding Related Pages Using Green Measures: An Illustration with Wikipedia.
finding related pages	green measures
Strategic Behavior when Allocating Indivisible Goods Sequentially.
allocating indivisible goods sequentially	strategic behavior
On the Disruptive Effectiveness of Automated Planning for LTLf-Based Trace Alignment.
ltlf-based trace alignment	disruptive effectiveness	automated planning
Maximum Model Counting.
maximum model counting
Formulating Template Consistency in Inductive Logic Programming as a Constraint Satisfaction Problem.
formulating template consistency	inductive logic programming	constraint satisfaction problem
Symbolic Domain Predictive Control.
symbolic domain predictive control
A Kernel Approach to Comparing Distributions.
kernel approach	comparing distributions
Stochastic Filtering in a Probabilistic Action Model.
probabilistic action model	stochastic filtering
An Intensive Introductory Robotics Course Without Prerequisites.
intensive introductory robotics
Boosting Complementary Hash Tables for Fast Nearest Neighbor Search.
fast nearest neighbor search	boosting complementary hash tables
Cached Iterative Weakening for Optimal Multi-Way Number Partitioning.
cached iterative weakening	number partitioning	optimal multi-
On Predictive Patent Valuation: Forecasting Patent Citations and Their Types.
predictive patent valuation	forecasting patent citations
A Spin-Glass Model for Semi-Supervised Community Detection.
semi-supervised community detection	spin-glass model
Accounting for Price Dependencies in Simultaneous Sealed-Bid Auctions.
simultaneous sealed-bid auctions	price dependencies
Fuzzy Set Theory-Based Belief Processing for Natural Language Texts.
fuzzy set theory-based belief processing	natural language texts
Managing Change in Graph-Structured Data Using Description Logics.
graph-structured data	description logics	managing change
KSU Willie in Semantic Vision Challenge.
semantic vision challenge	ksu willie
On the Benefits of Exploiting Underlying Goals in Argument-based Negotiation.
exploiting underlying goals	argument-based negotiation
Human-Driven Spatial Language for Human-Robot Interaction.
human-driven spatial language	human-robot interaction
Non-Rigid Point Set Registration with Robust Transformation Estimation under Manifold Regularization.
non-rigid point set registration	robust transformation estimation	manifold regularization
Faster and Simpler Algorithm for Optimal Strategies of Blotto Game.
blotto game	simpler algorithm	optimal strategies
STELLAR: Spatial-Temporal Latent Ranking for Successive Point-of-Interest Recommendation.
successive point-of-interest recommendation	spatial-temporal latent ranking
Semantic Inference of Bird Songs Using Dynamic Bayesian Networks.
dynamic bayesian networks	bird songs	semantic inference
Weakly-Supervised Deep Nonnegative Low-Rank Model for Social Image Tag Refinement and Assignment.
weakly-supervised deep nonnegative low-rank model	social image tag refinement
Discussion about Constraint Programming Bin Packing Models.
constraint programming bin packing models
Fast Nonsmooth Regularized Risk Minimization with Continuation.
fast nonsmooth regularized risk minimization
Learning Tractable Probabilistic Models for Fault Localization.
learning tractable probabilistic models	fault localization
Semantic Interpretation of Social Network Communities.
social network communities	semantic interpretation
Towards Domain Adaptive Vehicle Detection in Satellite Image by Supervised Super-Resolution Transfer.
domain adaptive vehicle detection	supervised super-resolution transfer	satellite image
Morphological Segmentation with Window LSTM Neural Networks.
window lstm neural networks	morphological segmentation
Approximate Inference for Clusters in Solution Spaces.
approximate inference	solution spaces
Scaling Relational Inference Using Proofs and Refutations.
scaling relational inference
Echo-State Conditional Restricted Boltzmann Machines.
echo-state conditional restricted boltzmann machines
A Stratified Strategy for Efficient Kernel-Based Learning.
efficient kernel-based learning	stratified strategy
SAP Speaks PDDL.
sap speaks pddl
Dominating Manipulations in Voting with Partial Information.
dominating manipulations	partial information
Stochastic Local Search for Satisfiability Modulo Theories.
satisfiability modulo theories	stochastic local search
Spectral Bisection Tree Guided Deep Adaptive Exemplar Autoencoder for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation.
spectral bisection tree guided deep adaptive exemplar autoencoder	unsupervised domain adaptation
Parallel Structured Duplicate Detection.
parallel structured duplicate detection
Towards a Cognitive Model of Crowd Behavior Based on Social Comparison Theory.
crowd behavior based	social comparison theory	cognitive model
Scalable and Interpretable Data Representation for High-Dimensional, Complex Data.
interpretable data representation	complex data
Context Representation and Reasoning with Formal Ontologies.
context representation	formal ontologies
Unsupervised Learning of Event Classes from Video.
event classes	unsupervised learning
An Implementation of Robot Formations using Local Interactions.
robot formations	local interactions
Multi-Label Learning with Weak Label.
multi-label learning	weak label
Online Bandit Learning for a Special Class of Non-Convex Losses.
online bandit learning	special class	non-convex losses
A General Framework for Sparsity Regularized Feature Selection via Iteratively Reweighted Least Square Minimization.
sparsity regularized feature selection	general framework	iteratively reweighted	square minimization
CAPReS: Context Aware Persona Based Recommendation for Shoppers.
context aware persona based recommendation
Argument Theory Change Applied to Defeasible Logic Programming.
argument theory change applied	defeasible logic programming
Identifying Hearing Deficiencies from Statistically Learned Speech Features for Personalized Tuning of Cochlear Implants.
statistically learned speech features	identifying hearing deficiencies	cochlear implants	personalized tuning
Learning with Imprecise Classes, Rare Instances, and Complex Relationships.
complex relationships	imprecise classes	rare instances
Boolean Functions with Ordered Domains in Answer Set Programming.
answer set programming	ordered domains	boolean functions
Extracting Highly Effective Features for Supervised Learning via Simultaneous Tensor Factorization.
extracting highly effective features	simultaneous tensor factorization	supervised learning
Learning Voting Trees.
learning voting trees
Answering Regular Path Queries in Expressive Description Logics: An Automata-Theoretic Approach.
answering regular path queries	expressive description logics	automata-theoretic approach
Disarmament Games.
disarmament games
Maximum Margin Dirichlet Process Mixtures for Clustering.
maximum margin dirichlet process mixtures
The Tree Representation of Feasible Solutions for the TSP with Pickup and Delivery and LIFO Loading.
lifo loading	feasible solutions	tree representation
Identifying Bullies with a Computer Game.
identifying bullies	computer game
Mining Context-Aware Significant Travel Sequences from Geotagged Social Media.
mining context-aware significant travel sequences	geotagged social media
Optimizing the CVaR via Sampling.
optimizing
Understanding City Traffic Dynamics Utilizing Sensor and Textual Observations.
understanding city traffic dynamics utilizing sensor	textual observations
A Local Sparse Model for Matching Problem.
local sparse model	matching problem
Additive Counterexample-Guided Cartesian Abstraction Refinement.
additive counterexample-guided cartesian abstraction refinement
Propagating Knapsack Constraints in Sublinear Time.
propagating knapsack constraints	sublinear time
Pattern-Based Variant-Best-Neighbors Respiratory Motion Prediction Using Orthogonal Polynomials Approximation.
pattern-based variant-best-neighbors respiratory motion prediction	orthogonal polynomials approximation
Parameterized Complexity of Problems in Coalitional Resource Games.
coalitional resource games	parameterized complexity
Finding Cars, Goddesses and Enzymes: Parametrizable Acquisition of Labeled Instances for Open-Domain Information Extraction.
open-domain information extraction	finding cars	labeled instances	parametrizable acquisition
Opportunities and Challenges for Constraint Programming.
constraint programming
Value Function Approximation in Reinforcement Learning Using the Fourier Basis.
function approximation	reinforcement learning	fourier basis
Aggregating User-Centered Rankings to Improve Web Search.
aggregating user-centered rankings	improve web search
Predisaster Preparation of Transportation Networks.
transportation networks	predisaster preparation
Integrating Clustering and Multi-Document Summarization by Bi-Mixture Probabilistic Latent Semantic Analysis (PLSA) with Sentence Bases.
bi-mixture probabilistic latent semantic analysis	integrating clustering	multi-document summarization	sentence bases
Deep Collective Inference.
deep collective inference
A Study of Proxies for Shapley Allocations of Transport Costs.
shapley allocations	transport costs
Minimizing Disk I/O in Two-Bit Breadth-First Search.
two-bit breadth-	minimizing disk
Learning Temporal Dynamics of Behavior Propagation in Social Networks.
learning temporal dynamics	behavior propagation	social networks
Deep Belief Nets as Function Approximators for Reinforcement Learning.
deep belief nets	function approximators	reinforcement learning
Explainable Agency for Intelligent Autonomous Systems.
intelligent autonomous systems	explainable agency
Apprenticeship Scheduling for Human-Robot Teams.
apprenticeship scheduling	human-robot teams
Knowledge Graph Embedding by Translating on Hyperplanes.
knowledge graph embedding
Inter-Temporal Incentives in Security Information Sharing Agreements.
security information sharing agreements	inter-temporal incentives
Sketch Recognition Based on Manifold Learning.
sketch recognition based	manifold learning
On Declarative Modeling of Structured Pattern Mining.
structured pattern mining	declarative modeling
Identifying Search Keywords for Finding Relevant Social Media Posts.
finding relevant social media posts	identifying search keywords
Conducting Neuroscience to Guide the Development of AI.
conducting neuroscience
Non-Convex Feature Learning via L_{p, inf} Operator.
non-convex feature learning	inf} operator
Instructor Rating Markets.
instructor rating markets
Assumed Density Filtering Methods for Learning Bayesian Neural Networks.
learning bayesian neural networks	assumed density filtering methods
Sparse Boltzmann Machines with Structure Learning as Applied to Text Analysis.
sparse boltzmann machines	text analysis	structure learning
Cross-Domain Sentiment Classification via Topic-Related TrAdaBoost.
cross-domain sentiment classification	topic-related tradaboost
Learning Compositional Sparse Models of Bimodal Percepts.
learning compositional sparse models	bimodal percepts
Improved Local Search for Binary Matrix Factorization.
binary matrix factorization	improved local search
Retweet Behavior Prediction Using Hierarchical Dirichlet Process.
retweet behavior prediction	hierarchical dirichlet process
The Hurricane Sandy Twitter Corpus.
hurricane sandy twitter corpus
Partial-Expansion A* with Selective Node Generation.
selective node generation
Multi-Modal Learning over User-Contributed Content from Cross-Domain Social Media.
cross-domain social media	user-contributed content	multi-modal learning
Transfer Learning from Deep Features for Remote Sensing and Poverty Mapping.
deep features	transfer learning	poverty mapping	remote sensing
Conjunctive Representations in Contingent Planning: Prime Implicates Versus Minimal CNF Formula.
prime implicates versus minimal cnf formula	conjunctive representations	contingent planning
Metric Learning for Ordinal Data.
ordinal data	metric learning
Efficient Object Instance Search Using Fuzzy Objects Matching.
efficient object instance search	fuzzy objects matching
Transitive Hashing Network for Heterogeneous Multimedia Retrieval.
transitive hashing network	heterogeneous multimedia retrieval
Learning by Combining Observations and User Edits.
user edits	combining observations
Exploiting Parallelism for Hard Problems in Abstract Argumentation.
hard problems	abstract argumentation	exploiting parallelism
Learning Options in Multiobjective Reinforcement Learning.
multiobjective reinforcement learning	learning options
Integration of Planning with Recognition for Responsive Interaction Using Classical Planners.
responsive interaction	classical planners
HC-Search: Learning Heuristics and Cost Functions for Structured Prediction.
cost functions	structured prediction	learning heuristics
Measuring Plan Diversity: Pathologies in Existing Approaches and A New Plan Distance Metric.
measuring plan diversity	plan distance metric	existing approaches
Incremental Management of Oversubscribed Vehicle Schedules in Dynamic Dial-A-Ride Problems.
dynamic dial-a-ride problems	oversubscribed vehicle schedules	incremental management
Contextually Supervised Source Separation with Application to Energy Disaggregation.
contextually supervised source separation	energy disaggregation
Localizing Web Videos from Heterogeneous Images.
localizing web videos	heterogeneous images
A Spatially Sensitive Kernel to Predict Cognitive Performance from Short-Term Changes in Neural Structure.
spatially sensitive kernel	predict cognitive performance	neural structure
Assessing the Robustness of Cremer-McLean with Automated Mechanism Design.
automated mechanism design
The Economic Complexity Observatory: An Analytical Tool for Understanding the Dynamics of Economic Development.
economic complexity observatory	economic development	analytical tool
Decomposing Activities of Daily Living to Discover Routine Clusters.
discover routine clusters	daily living	decomposing activities
Robot Learning Manipulation Action Plans by "Watching" Unconstrained Videos from the World Wide Web.
robot learning manipulation action plans	world wide web	unconstrained videos
Rethinking the Link Prediction Problem in Signed Social Networks.
signed social networks	link prediction problem
A Two-Stage Approach for Learning a Sparse Model with Sharp Excess Risk Analysis.
sharp excess risk analysis	sparse model	two-stage approach
Learning Deep Representation from Big and Heterogeneous Data for Traffic Accident Inference.
traffic accident inference	learning deep representation	heterogeneous data
Coordinated Multi-Robot Exploration Under Communication Constraints Using Decentralized Markov Decision Processes.
decentralized markov decision processes	coordinated multi-robot exploration	communication constraints
Trace Ratio Criterion for Feature Selection.
trace ratio criterion	feature selection
Efficiency and Privacy Tradeoffs in Mechanism Design.
mechanism design	privacy tradeoffs
Using More Reasoning to Improve #SAT Solving.
improve #sat solving
Learning Structural Features of Nodes in Large-Scale Networks for Link Prediction.
learning structural features	link prediction	large-scale networks
Reasoning in the Description Logic BEL Using Bayesian Networks.
description logic bel	bayesian networks
Planned Protest Modeling in News and Social Media.
planned protest modeling	social media
Toward a Generalization and a Reformulation of Goods in SAT - Preliminary Report.
preliminary report
Grounding Acoustic Echoes in Single View Geometry Estimation.
single view geometry estimation	grounding acoustic echoes
Finding Cut from the Same Cloth: Cross Network Link Recommendation via Joint Matrix Factorization.
cross network link recommendation	joint matrix factorization	finding cut
Microblog Sentiment Classification with Contextual Knowledge Regularization.
contextual knowledge regularization	microblog sentiment classification
CAO: A Fully Automatic Emoticon Analysis System.
fully automatic emoticon analysis system
Latent Dirichlet Allocation for Unsupervised Activity Analysis on an Autonomous Mobile Robot.
autonomous mobile robot	unsupervised activity analysis	latent dirichlet allocation
Mutual Belief Revision: Semantics and Computation.
mutual belief revision
Tractable Cost-Optimal Planning over Restricted Polytree Causal Graphs.
restricted polytree causal graphs	tractable cost-optimal planning
Solving Risk-Sensitive POMDPs With and Without Cost Observations.
solving risk-sensitive pomdps	cost observations
A Probabilistic-Logical Framework for Ontology Matching.
probabilistic-logical framework	ontology matching
Fast d-DNNF Compilation with sharpSAT.
fast d-dnnf compilation
The Dynamic Chinese Restaurant Process via Birth and Death Processes.
dynamic chinese restaurant process	death processes
Finding Answers and Generating Explanations for Complex Biomedical Queries.
complex biomedical queries	finding answers	generating explanations
Using Multiresolution Learning for Transfer in Image Classification.
image classification	multiresolution learning
A Hybrid Approach to Domino Portrait Generation.
domino portrait generation	hybrid approach
A Systematic Practice of Judging the Success of a Robotic Grasp Using Convolutional Neural Network.
convolutional neural network	robotic grasp	systematic practice
Efficient Subspace Segmentation via Quadratic Programming.
efficient subspace segmentation	quadratic programming
A Robust and Extensible Tool for Data Integration Using Data Type Models.
data type models	data integration	extensible tool
Automatic Semantic Relation Extraction with Multiple Boundary Generation.
automatic semantic relation extraction	multiple boundary generation
From Interest to Function: Location Estimation in Social Media.
location estimation	social media
Abstracting Complex Domains Using Modular Object-Oriented Markov Decision Processes.
modular object-oriented markov decision processes	abstracting complex domains
A Multi-Dimensional Trust Model for Heterogeneous Contract Observations.
heterogeneous contract observations	multi-dimensional trust model
Enabling Intelligent Content Discovery on the Mobile Internet.
enabling intelligent content discovery	mobile internet
Distributed Constraint Optimization Under Stochastic Uncertainty.
distributed constraint optimization	stochastic uncertainty
A Framework for Outlier Description Using Constraint Programming.
constraint programming	outlier description
Compute Less to Get More: Using ORC to Improve Sparse Filtering.
improve sparse filtering
A Morphogenetically Assisted Design Variation Tool.
morphogenetically assisted design variation tool
Increasing Biped Walk Robustness Through Playback and Corrective Demonstration.
increasing biped walk robustness	corrective demonstration
BRBA: A Blocking-Based Association Rule Hiding Method.
blocking-based association rule hiding method
Optimizing Positional Scoring Rules for Rank Aggregation.
optimizing positional scoring rules	rank aggregation
Negotiation in Exploration-Based Environment.
exploration-based environment
Classification of Resting State fMRI Datasets Using Dynamic Network Clusters.
resting state fmri datasets	dynamic network clusters
From Comparing Clusterings to Combining Clusterings.
comparing clusterings	combining clusterings
Conceptualizing Curse of Dimensionality with Parallel Coordinates.
parallel coordinates	conceptualizing curse
Computing Minimal Diagnoses by Greedy Stochastic Search.
greedy stochastic search	computing minimal diagnoses
Efficient Stochastic Optimization for Low-Rank Distance Metric Learning.
low-rank distance metric learning	efficient stochastic optimization
UT Austin Villa 2014: RoboCup 3D Simulation League Champion via Overlapping Layered Learning.
robocup 3d simulation league champion	ut austin villa 2014	overlapping layered learning
A Diversified Generative Latent Variable Model for WiFi-SLAM.
diversified generative latent variable model
On the Role of Canonicity in Knowledge Compilation.
knowledge compilation
Backdoors to Normality for Disjunctive Logic Programs.
disjunctive logic programs
Search More, Disclose Less.
disclose
Strong Bounds Consistencies and Their Application to Linear Constraints.
strong bounds consistencies	linear constraints
Healthy Cognitive Aging: A Hybrid Random Vector Functional-Link Model for the Analysis of Alzheimer's Disease.
hybrid random vector functional-link model	healthy cognitive aging
Validating an Agent-Based Model of Human Password Behavior.
human password behavior	agent-based model
Refinement of Strong Stackelberg Equilibria in Security Games.
strong stackelberg equilibria	security games
Strategic Information Disclosure to People with Multiple Alternatives.
strategic information disclosure	multiple alternatives
Authorship Attribution Using a Neural Network Language Model.
neural network language model	authorship attribution
Security Games with Arbitrary Schedules: A Branch and Price Approach.
arbitrary schedules	price approach	security games
Online Instrumental Variable Regression with Applications to Online Linear System Identification.
online linear system identification	online instrumental variable regression
Voting Almost Maximizes Social Welfare Despite Limited Communication.
maximizes social welfare	limited communication
A General Formal Framework for Pathfinding Problems with Multiple Agents.
general formal framework	multiple agents	pathfinding problems
Unsupervised Detection of Music Boundaries by Time Series Structure Features.
time series structure features	unsupervised detection	music boundaries
Are Features Equally Representative? A Feature-Centric Recommendation.
features equally representative	feature-centric recommendation
Learning Unknown Event Models.
learning unknown event models
A Sparse Parameter Learning Method for Probabilistic Logic Programs.
sparse parameter learning method	probabilistic logic programs
Optimal Pricing for Submodular Valuations with Bounded Curvature.
submodular valuations	bounded curvature	optimal pricing
Intra-View and Inter-View Supervised Correlation Analysis for Multi-View Feature Learning.
inter-view supervised correlation analysis	multi-view feature learning
Large-Scale Occupational Skills Normalization for Online Recruitment.
large-scale occupational skills normalization	online recruitment
A General Game Description Language for Incomplete Information Games.
general game description language	incomplete information games
Mirror Perspective-Taking with a Humanoid Robot.
mirror perspective-taking	humanoid robot
Event Recommendation in Event-Based Social Networks.
event-based social networks	event recommendation
Distant Domain Transfer Learning.
distant domain transfer learning
Machine Translation with Real-Time Web Search.
real-time web search	machine translation
StrokeBank: Automating Personalized Chinese Handwriting Generation.
automating personalized chinese handwriting generation
Efficient Methods for Lifted Inference with Aggregate Factors.
aggregate factors	lifted inference	efficient methods
Tsallis Regularized Optimal Transport and Ecological Inference.
tsallis regularized optimal transport	ecological inference
Generalizing and Executing Plans.
executing plans
Scholarly Big Data: AI Perspectives, Challenges, and Ideas, Papers from the 2015 AAAI Workshop, Austin, Texas, USA, January, 2015.
scholarly big data	2015 aaai workshop	ai perspectives
Partitioned Sampling of Public Opinions Based on Their Social Dynamics.
public opinions based	partitioned sampling	social dynamics
Recurrent Convolutional Neural Networks for Text Classification.
recurrent convolutional neural networks	text classification
Choosing Linguistics over Vision to Describe Images.
choosing linguistics	describe images
Towards a Robust Deep Language Understanding System.
robust deep language understanding system
Adaptive Management of Air Traffic Flow: A Multiagent Coordination Approach.
air traffic flow	multiagent coordination approach	adaptive management
Risk-Aware Scheduling throughout Planning and Execution.
risk-aware scheduling
A Model Attention and Selection Framework for Estimation of Many Variables, with Applications to Estimating Object States in Large Spatial Environments.
estimating object states	large spatial environments	model attention	selection framework
A Machine Learning Approach to Predicting Blood Glucose Levels for Diabetes Management.
predicting blood glucose levels	machine learning approach	diabetes management
An Abstract View on Modularity in Knowledge Representation.
knowledge representation	abstract view
A Tractable Approach to ABox Abduction over Description Logic Ontologies.
description logic ontologies	tractable approach	abox abduction
Learning Adaptive Forecasting Models from Irregularly Sampled Multivariate Clinical Data.
irregularly sampled multivariate clinical data	learning adaptive forecasting models
Generalized Evidence Pre-propagated Importance Sampling for Hybrid Bayesian Networks.
generalized evidence pre-propagated importance sampling	hybrid bayesian networks
Enabling the Interoperability of Large-Scale Legacy Systems.
large-scale legacy systems
Organizers.
organizers
Modelling Class Noise with Symmetric and Asymmetric Distributions.
modelling class noise	asymmetric distributions
Incentives for Subjective Evaluations with Private Beliefs.
private beliefs	subjective evaluations
A Tool to Graphically Edit CP-Nets.
graphically edit cp-nets
Minimal Undefinedness for Fuzzy Answer Sets.
fuzzy answer sets	minimal undefinedness
Gender-Sensitive Automated Negotiators.
gender-sensitive automated negotiators
Preference Elicitation in DCOPs for Scheduling Devices in Smart Buildings.
preference elicitation	smart buildings	scheduling devices
Social Planning: Achieving Goals by Altering Others' Mental States.
mental states	achieving goals	social planning
VELDA: Relating an Image Tweet's Text and Images.
image tweet
Liberal Safety for Answer Set Programs with External Sources.
answer set programs	liberal safety	external sources
Learning Large Scale Common Sense Models of Everyday Life.
learning large scale common sense models	everyday life
Towards Automatic Animated Storyboarding.
automatic animated storyboarding
Hierarchical Double Dirichlet Process Mixture of Gaussian Processes.
hierarchical double dirichlet process mixture	gaussian processes
Who Also Likes It? Generating the Most Persuasive Social Explanations in Recommender Systems.
persuasive social explanations	recommender systems
Visualization of Large-Scale Weighted Clustered Graph: A Genetic Approach.
large-scale weighted clustered graph	genetic approach
An Iterative Dual Pathway Structure for Speech-to-Text Transcription.
iterative dual pathway structure	speech-to-text transcription
The Compressed Differential Heuristic.
compressed differential heuristic
Discourse Topic and Gestural Form.
discourse topic	gestural form
Comprehending and Generating Apt Metaphors: A Web-driven, Case-based Approach to Figurative Language.
generating apt metaphors	case-based approach	figurative language
Robust Loss Functions under Label Noise for Deep Neural Networks.
deep neural networks	robust loss functions	label noise
Multi-Label Classification of Short Text: A Study on Wikipedia Barnstars.
multi-label classification	wikipedia barnstars	short text
The Boosting Effect of Exploratory Behaviors.
boosting effect	exploratory behaviors
Label-Free Supervision of Neural Networks with Physics and Domain Knowledge.
domain knowledge	label-free supervision	neural networks
How to Plan When Being Deliberately Misled.
deliberately misled
Online Max-Margin Weight Learning with Markov Logic Networks.
online max-margin weight learning	markov logic networks
Flexible Provisioning of Service Workflows.
flexible provisioning	service workflows
Partitioned External-Memory Value Iteration.
partitioned external-memory
Flexibility Meets Variability: A Multiagent Constraint Based Approach for Incorporating Renewables into the Power Grid.
multiagent constraint based approach	flexibility meets variability	power grid	incorporating renewables
Multiple Source Detection without Knowing the Underlying Propagation Model.
underlying propagation model	multiple source detection
Semi-Supervised Dimension Reduction for Multi-Label Classification.
semi-supervised dimension reduction	multi-label classification
Supervised Probabilistic Robust Embedding with Sparse Noise.
supervised probabilistic robust embedding	sparse noise
GLOMA: Embedding Global Information in Local Matrix Approximation Models for Collaborative Filtering.
local matrix approximation models	embedding global information	collaborative filtering
Deriving a Web-Scale Common Sense Fact Database.
web-scale common sense fact database
Analogy Tutor: A Tutoring System for Promoting Conceptual Learning via Comparison.
promoting conceptual learning	tutoring system	analogy tutor
Autonomous Development of a Grounded Object Ontology by a Learning Robot.
grounded object ontology	learning robot	autonomous development
Leveraging Multiple Networks for Author Personalization.
leveraging multiple networks	author personalization
PUMA: Planning Under Uncertainty with Macro-Actions.
planning
Multivariate Conditional Outlier Detection and Its Clinical Application.
multivariate conditional outlier detection	clinical application
Combining Human Reasoning and Machine Computation: Towards a Memetic Network Solution to Satisfiability.
memetic network solution	combining human reasoning	machine computation
Graph-Sparse LDA: A Topic Model with Structured Sparsity.
structured sparsity	graph-sparse lda	topic model
Interactive Task Learning with Discrete and Continuous Features.
interactive task learning	continuous features
Predicting Prices in the Power TAC Wholesale Energy Market.
power tac wholesale energy market	predicting prices
Smart Multi-Task Bregman Clustering and Multi-Task Kernel Clustering.
smart multi-task bregman clustering	multi-task kernel clustering
On Policy Learning in Restricted Policy Spaces.
restricted policy spaces	policy learning
Human Computation, Papers from the 2011 AAAI Workshop, San Francisco, California, USA, August 8, 2011
human computation	san francisco	2011 aaai workshop
Statistical Relational Artificial Intelligence, Papers from the 2014 AAAI Workshop, Québec City, Québec, Canada, July 27, 2014
statistical relational artificial intelligence	québec city	québec	2014 aaai workshop
Dominant-Strategy Auction Design for Agents with Uncertain, Private Values.
dominant-strategy auction design	private values
MicroScholar: Mining Scholarly Information from Chinese Microblogs.
mining scholarly information	chinese microblogs
Probabilistic Modal Logic.
probabilistic modal logic
Transfer Learning for Multiple-Domain Sentiment Analysis - Identifying Domain Dependent/Independent Word Polarity.
identifying domain dependent/independent word polarity	multiple-domain sentiment analysis	transfer learning
A Microtext Corpus for Persuasion Detection in Dialog.
persuasion detection	microtext corpus
Decision Support for Agent Populations in Uncertain and Congested Environments.
decision support	congested environments	agent populations
A Demonstration of the RADAR Personal Assistant.
radar personal assistant
Interactive Learning by Demonstration with the Simon Robot.
simon robot	interactive learning
BBookX: Building Online Open Books for Personalized Learning.
building online open books	personalized learning
Social Recommendation Using Low-Rank Semidefinite Program.
low-rank semidefinite program	social recommendation
Face Behind Makeup.
makeup
Bounding the Cost of Stability in Games over Interaction Networks.
interaction networks
Weighted Bandits or: How Bandits Learn Distorted Values That Are Not Expected.
bandits learn distorted values	weighted bandits
Cross-Modal Similarity Learning via Pairs, Preferences, and Active Supervision.
cross-modal similarity learning	active supervision
Artificial Intelligence for Transportation: Advice, Interactivity, and Actor Modeling, Papers from the 2015 AAAI Workshop, Austin, Texas, USA, January 26, 2015.
2015 aaai workshop	actor modeling	artificial intelligence
Expectation-Based Versus Potential-Aware Automated Abstraction in Imperfect Information Games: An Experimental Comparison Using Poker.
expectation-based versus potential-aware automated abstraction	imperfect information games	experimental comparison
Cloud Resource Management Using Constraints Acquisition and Planning.
cloud resource management	constraints acquisition
Multi-Attribute Proportional Representation.
multi-attribute proportional representation
Leveraging Saccades to Learn Smooth Pursuit: A Self-Organizing Motion Tracking Model Using Restricted Boltzmann Machines.
self-organizing motion tracking model	restricted boltzmann machines	learn smooth pursuit	leveraging saccades
Learning from Demonstration for Goal-Driven Autonomy.
goal-driven autonomy
Propagating Both Trust and Distrust with Target Differentiation for Combating Web Spam.
combating web spam	target differentiation
SOML: Sparse Online Metric Learning with Application to Image Retrieval.
sparse online metric learning	image retrieval
Ontology Re-Engineering: A Case Study from the Automotive Industry.
automotive industry	case study	ontology re-engineering
On a Competitive Secretary Problem.
competitive secretary problem
Lifted Generative Parameter Learning.
lifted generative parameter learning
Dramatis: A Computational Model of Suspense.
computational model
A Knowledge Representation that Models Memory in Narrative Comprehension.
knowledge representation	narrative comprehension	models memory
Representation Search through Generate and Test.
representation search
Title Learning Latent Subevents in Activity Videos Using Temporal Attention Filters.
title learning latent subevents	temporal attention filters	activity videos
Sequence-Form and Evolutionary Dynamics: Realization Equivalence to Agent Form and Logit Dynamics.
logit dynamics	agent form	evolutionary dynamics	realization equivalence
Simplified Lattice Models for Protein Structure Prediction: How Good Are They?
protein structure prediction	simplified lattice models
Repairing Ontology Mappings.
repairing ontology mappings
Lifted Inference for Relational Continuous Models.
relational continuous models	lifted inference
Time-Consistency of Optimization Problems.
optimization problems
Unsupervised Feature Selection Using Nonnegative Spectral Analysis.
unsupervised feature selection	nonnegative spectral analysis
Combining CP-Nets with the Power of Ontologies.
combining cp-nets
Sparse Multi-Task Learning for Detecting Influential Nodes in an Implicit Diffusion Network.
detecting influential nodes	implicit diffusion network	sparse multi-task learning
Reasoning on LTL on Finite Traces: Insensitivity to Infiniteness.
finite traces
Organizers.
organizers
The PELA Architecture: Integrating Planning and Learning to Improve Execution.
pela architecture	integrating planning	improve execution
Designing Water Efficient Residential Landscapes with Agent-Based Modeling.
designing water efficient residential landscapes	agent-based modeling
Logic Programming in Assumption-Based Argumentation Revisited - Semantics and Graphical Representation.
assumption-based argumentation revisited	logic programming	graphical representation
The Importance of Cognition and Affect for Artificially Intelligent Decision Makers.
artificially intelligent decision makers
Width and Complexity of Belief Tracking in Non-Deterministic Conformant and Contingent Planning.
contingent planning	belief tracking	non-deterministic conformant
Marginalized Denoising for Link Prediction and Multi-Label Learning.
link prediction	multi-label learning	marginalized denoising
An Architecture for Adaptive Algorithmic Hybrids.
adaptive algorithmic hybrids
Preface.
preface
Sampling Representative Users from Large Social Networks.
large social networks	sampling representative users
Identifying Protein Interaction Abstracts with Contextual Bag of Words.
identifying protein interaction abstracts	contextual bag
The PhotoSlap Game: Play to Annotate.
photoslap game
Statistical Relational Artificial Intelligence, Papers from the 2013 AAAI Workshop, Bellevue, Washington, USA, July 15, 2013
statistical relational artificial intelligence	2013 aaai workshop
State Aggregation in Monte Carlo Tree Search.
monte carlo tree search	state aggregation
Prime Implicate Normal Form for ALC Concepts.
prime implicate normal form	alc concepts
Generating and Solving Logic Puzzles through Constraint Satisfaction.
solving logic puzzles	constraint satisfaction
SMILe: Shuffled Multiple-Instance Learning.
shuffled multiple-instance learning
Discriminant Laplacian Embedding.
discriminant laplacian embedding
Economic Hierarchical Q-Learning.
economic hierarchical q-learning
Dynamic Batch Mode Active Learning via L1 Regularization.
dynamic batch mode active learning	l1 regularization
A Proactive Sampling Approach to Project Scheduling under Uncertainty.
proactive sampling approach	project scheduling
CoreCluster: A Degeneracy Based Graph Clustering Framework.
degeneracy based graph clustering framework
Spectrum Curricula: Design and Initial Results.
initial results	spectrum curricula
Minimally-Constrained Multilingual Embeddings via Artificial Code-Switching.
minimally-constrained multilingual embeddings	artificial code-switching
Extracting Generalizable Spatial Features from Smart Phones Datasets.
extracting generalizable spatial features	smart phones datasets
Using Structural Motifs for Learning Markov Logic Networks.
learning markov logic networks	structural motifs
Streaming Classification with Emerging New Class by Class Matrix Sketching.
class matrix sketching	streaming classification
Enforcing Liveness in Autonomous Traffic Management.
autonomous traffic management	enforcing liveness
On Range of Skill.
range
RockIt: Exploiting Parallelism and Symmetry for MAP Inference in Statistical Relational Models.
statistical relational models	map inference	exploiting parallelism
Improving Twitter Sentiment Classification Using Topic-Enriched Multi-Prototype Word Embeddings.
topic-enriched multi-prototype word embeddings	improving twitter sentiment classification
Topic Models to Infer Socio-Economic Maps.
infer socio-economic maps	topic models
Trust Transitivity in Complex Social Networks.
complex social networks	trust transitivity
A Multiview-Based Parameter Free Framework for Group Detection.
multiview-based parameter free framework	group detection
Maximizing the Probability of Arriving on Time: A Practical Q-Learning Method.
practical q-learning method
Empirical Analysis of Auctioneer Profitability in QuiBids Penny Auctions.
quibids penny auctions	empirical analysis	auctioneer profitability
On the Scalable Learning of Stochastic Blockmodel.
scalable learning	stochastic blockmodel
WikiSimple: Automatic Simplification of Wikipedia Articles.
automatic simplification	wikipedia articles
TRM: Computing Reputation Score by Mining Reviews.
computing reputation score	mining reviews
Trust-Sensitive Evolution of DL-Lite Knowledge Bases.
dl-lite knowledge bases	trust-sensitive evolution
Conformal Mapping by Computationally Efficient Methods.
computationally efficient methods	conformal mapping
A Stackelberg Game Approach for Incentivizing Participation in Online Educational Forums with Heterogeneous Student Population.
stackelberg game approach	heterogeneous student population	online educational forums	incentivizing participation
Two-Dimensional Description Logics for Context-Based Semantic Interoperability.
two-dimensional description logics	context-based semantic interoperability
Revising Imprecise Probabilistic Beliefs in the Framework of Probabilistic Logic Programming.
revising imprecise probabilistic beliefs	probabilistic logic programming
Autonomous Electricity Trading Using Time-of-Use Tariffs in a Competitive Market.
autonomous electricity trading	competitive market
An Agent-Based Model Studying the Acquisition of a Language System of Logical Constructions.
agent-based model studying	language system	logical constructions
Product Grassmann Manifold Representation and Its LRR Models.
product grassmann manifold representation	lrr models
Recurrent Neural Networks with Auxiliary Labels for Cross-Domain Opinion Target Extraction.
cross-domain opinion target extraction	recurrent neural networks	auxiliary labels
Multi-Instance Multi-Label Class Discovery: A Computational Approach for Assessing Bird Biodiversity.
multi-instance multi-label class discovery	assessing bird biodiversity	computational approach
Artificial Attention at Scale.
artificial attention
Novel Geometric Approach for Global Alignment of PPI Networks.
global alignment	geometric approach	ppi networks
Timelines with Temporal Uncertainty.
temporal uncertainty
Hierarchical Abstraction, Distributed Equilibrium Computation, and Post-Processing, with Application to a Champion No-Limit Texas Hold'em Agent.
champion no-limit texas hold	distributed equilibrium computation	em agent	hierarchical abstraction
Graphical Hedonic Games of Bounded Treewidth.
graphical hedonic games	bounded treewidth
Multi-View Clustering via Deep Matrix Factorization.
deep matrix factorization	multi-view clustering
An MDP-Based Winning Approach to Autonomous Power Trading: Formalization and Empirical Analysis.
autonomous power trading	mdp-based winning approach	empirical analysis
Contraction and Revision over DL-Lite TBoxes.
dl-lite tboxes
Cognitive Social Learners: An Architecture for Modeling Normative Behavior.
modeling normative behavior	cognitive social learners
A Mixed Reality Approach to Undergraduate Robotics Education.
mixed reality approach	undergraduate robotics education
Possible Winners in Noisy Elections.
noisy elections
A First-Order Theory of Stanislavskian Scene Analysis.
stanislavskian scene analysis	first-order theory
Multi-Fisheye for Interactive Visualization of Large Graphs.
large graphs	interactive visualization
A Markovian Model for Dynamic and Constrained Resource Allocation Problems.
constrained resource allocation problems	markovian model
Improving Multi-Document Summarization via Text Classification.
improving multi-document summarization	text classification
Learning Methods to Generate Good Plans: Integrating HTN Learning and Reinforcement Learning.
generate good plans	integrating htn learning	learning methods	reinforcement learning
Multi-Objective Self-Paced Learning.
multi-objective self-paced learning
User-Adaptive Visualizations: Can Gaze Data Tell Us When a User Needs Them?
gaze data	user-adaptive visualizations
Soft Video Parsing by Label Distribution Learning.
soft video parsing	label distribution learning
Bimodal Spatial Reasoning with Continuous Motion.
bimodal spatial reasoning	continuous motion
Limits of Preprocessing.
preprocessing
Strategic Advice Provision in Repeated Human-Agent Interactions (Abstract).
strategic advice provision	repeated human-agent interactions
Value Compression of Pattern Databases.
pattern databases
Pearl's Causality in a Logical Setting.
logical setting
A Vision-Based System for a UGV to Handle a Road Intersection.
road intersection	vision-based system
RANSAC versus CS-RANSAC.
ransac versus cs-ransac
Solving and Explaining Analogy Questions Using Semantic Networks.
explaining analogy questions	semantic networks
Colorization by Matrix Completion.
matrix completion
English Light Verb Construction Identification Using Lexical Knowledge.
english light verb construction identification	lexical knowledge
Learning Causal Models of Relational Domains.
learning causal models	relational domains
Tailoring Local Search for Partial MaxSAT.
tailoring local search	partial maxsat
A Mediation Mechanism for Automated Negotiating Agents Whose Utility Changes over Time.
automated negotiating agents	mediation mechanism
Structure and Intractability of Optimal Multi-Robot Path Planning on Graphs.
optimal multi-robot path planning
Transfer Learning for Cross-Language Text Categorization through Active Correspondences Construction.
active correspondences construction	cross-language text categorization	transfer learning
Visualization for Structured Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
structured constraint satisfaction problems
SPAN: Understanding a Question with Its Support Answers.
support answers
Viral Clustering: A Robust Method to Extract Structures in Heterogeneous Datasets.
extract structures	heterogeneous datasets	viral clustering	robust method
Utilizing Context in Generative Bayesian Models for Linked Corpus.
generative bayesian models	linked corpus	utilizing context
On Balanced CSPs with High Treewidth.
balanced csps	high treewidth
Learning Invariant Deep Representation for NIR-VIS Face Recognition.
learning invariant deep representation	nir-vis face recognition
An Architecture for Hybrid Planning and Execution.
hybrid planning
Scalable Visualization Resizing Framework.
scalable visualization resizing framework
Semantic Proto-Role Labeling.
semantic proto-role labeling
Weakly-Supervised Grammar-Informed Bayesian CCG Parser Learning.
weakly-supervised grammar-informed bayesian ccg parser learning
Transportability of Causal Effects: Completeness Results.
causal effects	completeness results
Action-Based Autonomous Grounding.
action-based autonomous grounding
Lifted Probabilistic Inference for Asymmetric Graphical Models.
lifted probabilistic inference	asymmetric graphical models
Active Learning with Cross-Class Similarity Transfer.
cross-class similarity transfer	active learning
Identifying Differences in Physician Communication Styles with a Log-Linear Transition Component Model.
log-linear transition component model	physician communication styles	identifying differences
Situation Calculus as Answer Set Programming.
answer set programming	situation calculus
Smooth Optimization for Effective Multiple Kernel Learning.
effective multiple kernel learning	smooth optimization
Multi-Organ Exchange: The Whole Is Greater than the Sum of its Parts.
multi-organ exchange
Approximate MaxEnt Inverse Optimal Control and Its Application for Mental Simulation of Human Interactions.
approximate maxent inverse optimal control	human interactions	mental simulation
Optimizing Quantiles in Preference-Based Markov Decision Processes.
preference-based markov decision processes	optimizing quantiles
Improving Performance of Analogue Readout Layers for Photonic Reservoir Computers with Online Learning.
analogue readout layers	photonic reservoir computers	online learning	improving performance
Spectral Clustering with Brainstorming Process for Multi-View Data.
spectral clustering	multi-view data	brainstorming process
Coordinated Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning in Networked Distributed POMDPs.
coordinated multi-agent reinforcement learning	networked distributed pomdps
Representations for Continuous Learning.
continuous learning
Coalition Structure Generation Utilizing Graphical Representation of Partition Function Games.
coalition structure generation utilizing graphical representation	partition function games
Joint Copying and Restricted Generation for Paraphrase.
joint copying	restricted generation
A Joint Model for Entity Set Expansion and Attribute Extraction from Web Search Queries.
entity set expansion	web search queries	joint model	attribute extraction
Fixing a Tournament.
fixing
Optimal Auctions for Spiteful Bidders.
optimal auctions	spiteful bidders
On Expressing Value Externalities in Position Auctions.
position auctions
Approximate Probabilistic Inference via Word-Level Counting.
approximate probabilistic inference	word-level counting
A User-Oriented Webpage Ranking Algorithm Based on User Attention Time.
user-oriented webpage ranking algorithm based	user attention time
Diagnosing Faults in Electrical Power Systems of Spacecraft and Aircraft.
electrical power systems	diagnosing faults
Predicting Bike Usage for New York City's Bike Sharing System.
predicting bike usage	bike sharing system	york city
Indoor Trajectory Identification: Snapping with Uncertainty.
indoor trajectory identification
Multi-Agent System Development MADE Easy.
multi-agent system development made easy
Does One-Against-All or One-Against-One Improve the Performance of Multiclass Classifications?
multiclass classifications
Mixed Discrete-Continuous Planning with Convex Optimization.
mixed discrete-continuous planning	convex optimization
Fine-Grained Recurrent Neural Networks for Automatic Prostate Segmentation in Ultrasound Images.
fine-grained recurrent neural networks	automatic prostate segmentation	ultrasound images
Expanding the Boundaries of Health Informatics Using AI, Papers from the 2016 AAAI Workshop, Phoenix, Arizona, USA, February 13, 2016.
2016 aaai workshop	health informatics
Cost-Sensitive Feature Selection via F-Measure Optimization Reduction.
cost-sensitive feature selection	f-measure optimization reduction
A Dichotomy for 2-Constraint Forbidden CSP Patterns.
2-constraint forbidden csp patterns
Using Commodity Parts to Build a Low-Cost Autonomous Robot.
low-cost autonomous robot	commodity parts
Policy Communication for Coordination with Unknown Teammates.
unknown teammates	policy communication
Adaptive Knowledge Transfer for Multiple Instance Learning in Image Classification.
adaptive knowledge transfer	multiple instance learning	image classification
Catch'Em All: Locating Multiple Diffusion Sources in Networks with Partial Observations.
locating multiple diffusion sources	partial observations
Supervised Coupled Dictionary Learning with Group Structures for Multi-modal Retrieval.
supervised coupled dictionary learning	group structures	multi-modal retrieval
Extending the Modelling Capacity of Gaussian Conditional Random Fields while Learning Faster.
gaussian conditional random fields	modelling capacity	learning faster
Text Beautifier: An Affective-Text Tool to Tailor Written Text.
tailor written text	text beautifier	affective-text tool
Trap Avoidance in Local Search Using Pseudo-Conflict Learning.
trap avoidance	local search	pseudo-conflict learning
Extending Biology Models with Deep NLP over Scientific Articles.
extending biology models	deep nlp	scientific articles
Anytime Best+Depth-First Search for Bounding Marginal MAP.
bounding marginal map
Learning to Improve Earth Observation Flight Planning.
improve earth observation flight planning
Learning Word Representations from Relational Graphs.
learning word representations	relational graphs
Execution and Representation of Actions and Plans in ActionPool Method.
actionpool method
Coupling Spatiotemporal Disease Modeling with Diagnosis.
coupling spatiotemporal disease modeling
What's Hot in Human Language Technology: Highlights from NAACL HLT 2015.
human language technology	naacl hlt 2015
Exploring Commonality and Individuality for Multi-Modal Curriculum Learning.
multi-modal curriculum learning	exploring commonality
Counter-Transitivity in Argument Ranking Semantics.
argument ranking semantics
A Vehicle Routing System to Solve a Periodic Vehicle Routing Problem for a Food Chain in Hong Kong.
periodic vehicle routing problem	vehicle routing system	hong kong	food chain
Transfer Learning in Collaborative Filtering for Sparsity Reduction.
sparsity reduction	transfer learning	collaborative filtering
On the Enactability of Business Protocols.
business protocols
Reduction Techniques for Graph-Based Convex Clustering.
graph-based convex clustering	reduction techniques
Decoding Wikipedia Categories for Knowledge Acquisition.
decoding wikipedia categories	knowledge acquisition
REWOrD: Semantic Relatedness in the Web of Data.
semantic relatedness
Utilizing Partial Policies for Identifying Equivalence of Behavioral Models.
utilizing partial policies	behavioral models	identifying equivalence
Envy-Free Division of Sellable Goods.
sellable goods	envy-free division
Supervised and Projected Sparse Coding for Image Classification.
projected sparse coding	image classification
Heavy-Tailed Analogues of the Covariance Matrix for ICA.
heavy-tailed analogues	covariance matrix
Denoising Criterion for Variational Auto-Encoding Framework.
variational auto-encoding framework	denoising criterion
DECT: Distributed Evolving Context Tree for Understanding User Behavior Pattern Evolution.
understanding user behavior pattern evolution	distributed evolving context tree
ReLISH: Reliable Label Inference via Smoothness Hypothesis.
reliable label inference	smoothness hypothesis
Convergent Plans for Large-Scale Evacuations.
convergent plans	large-scale evacuations
Predicting the Quality of User Experiences to Improve Productivity and Wellness.
improve productivity	user experiences
A* Search via Approximate Factoring.
approximate factoring
A Framework for Aggregating Influenced CP-Nets and its Resistance to Bribery.
aggregating influenced cp-nets
Time-Critical Influence Maximization in Social Networks with Time-Delayed Diffusion Process.
time-critical influence maximization	time-delayed diffusion process	social networks
PREGO: An Action Language for Belief-Based Cognitive Robotics in Continuous Domains.
belief-based cognitive robotics	action language	continuous domains
A New Granger Causal Model for Influence Evolution in Dynamic Social Networks: The Case of DBLP.
granger causal model	dynamic social networks	influence evolution
On Human Intellect and Machine Failures: Troubleshooting Integrative Machine Learning Systems.
troubleshooting integrative machine learning systems	machine failures	human intellect
Large Scale Spectral Clustering with Landmark-Based Representation.
large scale spectral clustering	landmark-based representation
Improving Cross-Domain Recommendation through Probabilistic Cluster-Level Latent Factor Model.
probabilistic cluster-level latent factor model	improving cross-domain recommendation
Face Video Retrieval via Deep Learning of Binary Hash Representations.
binary hash representations	face video retrieval	deep learning
Higher-Order Description Logics for Domain Metamodeling.
higher-order description logics	domain metamodeling
OMNI-Prop: Seamless Node Classification on Arbitrary Label Correlation.
seamless node classification	arbitrary label correlation
Computer Poker and Imperfect Information Games, Papers from the 2016 AAAI Workshop, Phoenix, Arizona, USA, February 13, 2016.
imperfect information games	2016 aaai workshop	computer poker
Local Search for Hard SAT Formulas: The Strength of the Polynomial Law.
hard sat formulas	polynomial law	local search
Two-Stage Sparse Representation for Robust Recognition on Large-Scale Database.
two-stage sparse representation	robust recognition	large-scale database
Face Model Compression by Distilling Knowledge from Neurons.
face model compression	distilling knowledge
The Effect of Similarity between Human and Machine Action Choices on Adaptive Automation Performance.
adaptive automation performance	machine action choices
Hybrid Markov Logic Networks.
hybrid markov logic networks
Measuring the Hardness of SAT Instances.
sat instances
Activity Context Representation: Techniques and Languages, Papers from the 2011 AAAI Workshop, San Francisco, California, USA, August 7-8, 2011
activity context representation	august 7-8	san francisco	2011 aaai workshop
Roles and Teams Hedonic Games.
teams hedonic games
Exploring Mixed-Initiative Interaction for Learning with Situated Instruction in Cognitive Agents.
exploring mixed-initiative interaction	situated instruction	cognitive agents
10, 000+ Times Accelerated Robust Subset Selection.
000+ times accelerated robust subset selection
Active Dual Collaborative Filtering with Both Item and Attribute Feedback.
active dual collaborative filtering	attribute feedback
Incremental Algorithms for Approximate Compilation.
incremental algorithms	approximate compilation
Incorporating Observer Biases in Keyhole Plan Recognition (Efficiently!).
keyhole plan recognition	incorporating observer biases
ASKNet: Automated Semantic Knowledge Network.
automated semantic knowledge network
Synthetic Photographs for Learning Aesthetic Preferences.
learning aesthetic preferences	synthetic photographs
Coupled Semi-Supervised Learning for Chinese Knowledge Extraction.
coupled semi-supervised learning	chinese knowledge extraction
Narrowing the Gap Between Saturated and Optimal Cost Partitioning for Classical Planning.
optimal cost partitioning	classical planning
Multi-Cycle Query Caching in Agent Programming.
multi-cycle query caching	agent programming
A Scalable Jointree Algorithm for Diagnosability.
scalable jointree algorithm
Scalable Learning for Structure in Markov Logic Networks.
markov logic networks	scalable learning
Large Landscape Conservation - Synthetic and Real-World Datasets.
large landscape conservation	real-world datasets
HVAC-Aware Occupancy Scheduling.
hvac-aware occupancy scheduling
Modeling Human Understanding of Complex Intentional Action with a Bayesian Nonparametric Subgoal Model.
bayesian nonparametric subgoal model	modeling human understanding	complex intentional action
Graphical View of Blog Content Using B2G.
graphical view	blog content
Efficient Top-k Shortest-Path Distance Queries on Large Networks by Pruned Landmark Labeling.
shortest-path distance queries	pruned landmark labeling	large networks	efficient top-
Learning a Kernel for Multi-Task Clustering.
multi-task clustering
Stochastic Parallel Block Coordinate Descent for Large-Scale Saddle Point Problems.
stochastic parallel block coordinate descent	large-scale saddle point problems
Online Task Assignment in Crowdsourcing Markets.
online task assignment	crowdsourcing markets
Exposing Parameters of a Trained Dynamic Model for Interactive Music Creation.
trained dynamic model	interactive music creation	exposing parameters
Detection of Multiple Deformable Objects using PCA-SIFT.
multiple deformable objects
SEAPoT-RL: Selective Exploration Algorithm for Policy Transfer in RL.
selective exploration algorithm	policy transfer
UCO: A Unified Cybersecurity Ontology.
unified cybersecurity ontology
Generalized Ambiguity Decompositions for Classification with Applications in Active Learning and Unsupervised Ensemble Pruning.
unsupervised ensemble pruning	generalized ambiguity decompositions	active learning
Learning Tractable Statistical Relational Models.
learning tractable statistical relational models
Qualitative RFID Tracking for ADL Recognition.
qualitative rfid tracking	adl recognition
Modern Artificial Intelligence for Health Analytics, Papers from the 2014 AAAI Workshop, Québec City, Québec, Canada, July 27, 2014
modern artificial intelligence	québec city	québec	health analytics	2014 aaai workshop
Privacy Management in Agent-Based Social Networks.
agent-based social networks	privacy management
JudgeD: A Probabilistic Datalog with Dependencies.
probabilistic datalog
Optimal Regression for Reasoning about Knowledge and Actions.
optimal regression
Learning Tasks and Skills Together From a Human Teacher.
human teacher	learning tasks
Learning Valuation Distributions from Partial Observation.
learning valuation distributions	partial observation
Towards Scalable Exploration of Diagnoses in an Ontology Stream.
scalable exploration	ontology stream
Data Structures for Generalised Arc Consistency for Extensional Constraints.
generalised arc consistency	data structures	extensional constraints
Efficient PAC-Optimal Exploration in Concurrent, Continuous State MDPs with Delayed Updates.
continuous state mdps	efficient pac-optimal exploration	delayed updates
Computing the Nucleolus of Matching, Cover and Clique Games.
clique games
Deep Correlated Metric Learning for Sketch-based 3D Shape Retrieval.
deep correlated metric learning	sketch-based 3d shape retrieval
Optimal Envy-Free Cake Cutting.
optimal envy-free cake cutting
Shoot to Know What: An Application of Deep Networks on Mobile Devices.
mobile devices	deep networks
Transferring Multi-device Localization Models using Latent Multi-task Learning.
transferring multi-device localization models	latent multi-task learning
Knowledge Compilation Properties of Tree-of-BDDs.
knowledge compilation properties
Performance and Preferences: Interactive Refinement of Machine Learning Procedures.
machine learning procedures	interactive refinement
Exploiting Competition Relationship for Robust Visual Recognition.
robust visual recognition	exploiting competition relationship
Active Learning with Cross-Class Knowledge Transfer.
cross-class knowledge transfer	active learning
An Investigation of Sensitivity on Bagging Predictors: An Empirical Approach.
bagging predictors	empirical approach
Succinct Set-Encoding for State-Space Search.
succinct set-encoding	state-space search
Efficient Evolutionary Dynamics with Extensive-Form Games.
efficient evolutionary dynamics	extensive-form games
Non-Deterministic Planning with Temporally Extended Goals: LTL over Finite and Infinite Traces.
temporally extended goals	non-deterministic planning	infinite traces
LOL - Laugh Out Loud.
loud
Proceedings of the Thirtieth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, February 12-17, 2016, Phoenix, Arizona, USA.
thirtieth aaai conference	february 12-17	artificial intelligence
Solving Uncertain MDPs by Reusing State Information and Plans.
reusing state information	solving uncertain mdps
Face Hallucination with Tiny Unaligned Images by Transformative Discriminative Neural Networks.
transformative discriminative neural networks	tiny unaligned images	face hallucination
Plan Libraries for Plan Recognition: Do We Really Know What They Model?
plan recognition	plan libraries
Online Graph Pruning for Pathfinding On Grid Maps.
online graph pruning	grid maps
Empirical Comparison of Multi-Label Classification Algorithms.
multi-label classification algorithms	empirical comparison
A Modular Action Description Language for Protocol Composition.
modular action description language	protocol composition
An Empirical Study on the Practical Impact of Prior Beliefs over Policy Types.
practical impact	prior beliefs	empirical study	policy types
Large Scale Similarity Learning Using Similar Pairs for Person Verification.
large scale similarity learning	person verification	similar pairs
ASKNet: Automatically Generating Semantic Knowledge Networks.
automatically generating semantic knowledge networks
Activity and Gait Recognition with Time-Delay Embeddings.
time-delay embeddings	gait recognition
Computational Aspects of Nearly Single-Peaked Electorates.
computational aspects	single-peaked electorates
Chance-Constrained Strong Controllability of Temporal Plan Networks with Uncertainty.
chance-constrained strong controllability	temporal plan networks
NP-Completeness of Outcome Optimization for Partial CP-Nets.
partial cp-nets	outcome optimization
Constrained Coalition Formation.
constrained coalition formation
Automated Debugging with Tractable Probabilistic Programming.
tractable probabilistic programming	automated debugging
A Unified Framework for Planning and Execution-Monitoring of Mobile Robots.
mobile robots	unified framework
Hospital Stockpiling Problems with Inventory Sharing.
hospital stockpiling problems	inventory sharing
Locally Adaptive Translation for Knowledge Graph Embedding.
knowledge graph embedding	locally adaptive translation
A Text-to-Picture Synthesis System for Augmenting Communication.
text-to-picture synthesis system	augmenting communication
Source Free Transfer Learning for Text Classification.
source free transfer learning	text classification
On the Incompatibility of Efficiency and Strategyproofness in Randomized Social Choice.
randomized social choice
Capturing Semantic Correlation for Item Recommendation in Tagging Systems.
capturing semantic correlation	item recommendation	tagging systems
Detecting and Tracking Concept Class Drift and Emergence in Non-Stationary Fast Data Streams.
non-stationary fast data streams	tracking concept class drift
An Ambiguity Aversion Model for Decision Making under Ambiguity.
ambiguity aversion model	decision making
Identifying Useful Inference Paths in Large Commonsense Knowledge Bases by Retrograde Analysis.
large commonsense knowledge bases	inference paths	retrograde analysis
Cruising with a Battery-Powered Vehicle and Not Getting Stranded.
battery-powered vehicle
Obvious Strategyproofness Needs Monitoring for Good Approximations.
obvious strategyproofness	good approximations
This Time the Robot Settles for a Cost: A Quantitative Approach to Temporal Logic Planning with Partial Satisfaction.
temporal logic planning	partial satisfaction	robot settles	quantitative approach
Multinomial Relation Prediction in Social Data: A Dimension Reduction Approach.
dimension reduction approach	multinomial relation prediction	social data
Deploying PAWS to Combat Poaching: Game-Theoretic Patrolling in Areas with Complex Terrain (Demonstration).
combat poaching	game-theoretic patrolling	complex terrain	deploying paws
MC-HOG Correlation Tracking with Saliency Proposal.
mc-hog correlation tracking	saliency proposal
Exploiting Anonymity in Approximate Linear Programming: Scaling to Large Multiagent MDPs.
large multiagent mdps	approximate linear programming	exploiting anonymity
Piecewise Linear Dynamic Programming for Constrained POMDPs.
piecewise linear dynamic programming	constrained pomdps
Egalitarian Collective Decision Making under Qualitative Possibilistic Uncertainty: Principles and Characterization.
egalitarian collective decision making	qualitative possibilistic uncertainty
Analyzing the Performance of Pattern Database Heuristics.
pattern database heuristics
Lifting Relational MAP-LPs using Cluster Signatures.
lifting relational map-lps	cluster signatures
Symmetry in Solutions.
solutions
Hierarchical Reasoning with Probabilistic Programming.
hierarchical reasoning	probabilistic programming
Graph-without-cut: An Ideal Graph Learning for Image Segmentation.
ideal graph learning	image segmentation
Using Bisimulation for Policy Transfer in MDPs.
policy transfer
The Parameterized Complexity of Abduction.
parameterized complexity
Labor Allocation in Paid Crowdsourcing: Experimental Evidence on Positioning, Nudges and Prices.
labor allocation	experimental evidence	paid crowdsourcing
The Utility of Text: The Case of Amicus Briefs and the Supreme Court.
amicus briefs	supreme court
Cognitive Synergy between Procedural and Declarative Learning in the Control of Animated and Robotic Agents Using the OpenCogPrime AGI Architecture.
opencogprime agi architecture	cognitive synergy	robotic agents	declarative learning
Recovering Causal Effects from Selection Bias.
recovering causal effects	selection bias
Beyond RPCA: Flattening Complex Noise in the Frequency Domain.
flattening complex noise	frequency domain
Using First-Order Logic to Compress Sentences.
compress sentences	first-order logic
Exploring Normalization in Deep Residual Networks with Concatenated Rectified Linear Units.
concatenated rectified linear units	deep residual networks	exploring normalization
Propagating Conjunctions of AllDifferent Constraints.
alldifferent constraints	propagating conjunctions
Security Games on a Plane.
security games
Designing Reactive Robot Controllers with LTLMoP.
designing reactive robot controllers
Solution Quality Improvements for Massively Multi-Agent Pathfinding.
massively multi-agent pathfinding	solution quality improvements
Studying Anonymous Health Issues and Substance Use on College Campuses with Yik Yak.
studying anonymous health issues	college campuses	yik yak
Lifting Model Sampling for General Game Playing to Incomplete-Information Models.
general game playing	lifting model sampling	incomplete-information models
Evolutionary Tile Coding: An Automated State Abstraction Algorithm for Reinforcement Learning.
automated state abstraction algorithm	evolutionary tile coding	reinforcement learning
Complex Event Detection via Event Oriented Dictionary Learning.
event oriented dictionary learning	complex event detection
Dynamic Redeployment to Counter Congestion or Starvation in Vehicle Sharing Systems.
vehicle sharing systems	counter congestion	dynamic redeployment
Inference Rules for High-Order Consistency in Weighted CSP.
weighted csp	high-order consistency	inference rules
Checking the Consistency of Combined Qualitative Constraint Networks.
combined qualitative constraint networks
Siamese Recurrent Architectures for Learning Sentence Similarity.
learning sentence similarity	siamese recurrent architectures
Co-Occurrence Feature Learning for Skeleton Based Action Recognition Using Regularized Deep LSTM Networks.
regularized deep lstm networks	skeleton based action recognition	co-occurrence feature learning
Unsupervised Learning for Lexicon-Based Classification.
lexicon-based classification	unsupervised learning
Acquiring Visibly Intelligent Behavior with Example-Guided Neuroevolution.
acquiring visibly intelligent behavior	example-guided neuroevolution
Word Segmentation for Chinese Novels.
chinese novels	word segmentation
Discovering Conversational Dependencies between Messages in Dialogs.
discovering conversational dependencies
k-CoRating: Filling Up Data to Obtain Privacy and Utility.
obtain privacy
Online Co-Localization in Indoor Wireless Networks by Dimension Reduction.
indoor wireless networks	online co-localization	dimension reduction
Predicting Emotion Perception Across Domains: A Study of Singing and Speaking.
predicting emotion perception
Discrete Image Hashing Using Large Weakly Annotated Photo Collections.
large weakly annotated photo collections	discrete image hashing
Coarse Models for Bird Migrations Using Clustering and Non-Stationary Markov Chains.
non-stationary markov chains	bird migrations	coarse models
Filtering, Decomposition and Search Space Reduction for Optimal Sequential Planning.
optimal sequential planning	search space reduction
Sustaining Economic Exploitation of Complex Ecosystems in Computational Models of Coupled Human-Natural Networks.
sustaining economic exploitation	coupled human-natural networks	computational models	complex ecosystems
Cooperative Game Solution Concepts that Maximize Stability under Noise.
cooperative game solution concepts	maximize stability
Rational Verification: From Model Checking to Equilibrium Checking.
equilibrium checking	model checking	rational verification
A Generalized Student-t Based Approach to Mixed-Type Anomaly Detection.
mixed-type anomaly detection	based approach	generalized student-
Adaptive Multi-Compositionality for Recursive Neural Models with Applications to Sentiment Analysis.
recursive neural models	adaptive multi-compositionality	sentiment analysis
Unsupervised Categorization (Filtering) of Google Images Based on Visual Consistency.
google images based	visual consistency	unsupervised categorization
Solving Transition-Independent Multi-Agent MDPs with Sparse Interactions.
solving transition-independent multi-agent mdps	sparse interactions
Automatic Methods for Continuous State Space Abstraction.
continuous state space abstraction	automatic methods
CBRAP: Contextual Bandits with RAndom Projection.
random projection	contextual bandits
Structured Prediction in Time Series Data.
time series data	structured prediction
Exploring Artificial Intelligence Through Image Recognition.
exploring artificial intelligence	image recognition
Learning Latent Sentiment Scopes for Entity-Level Sentiment Analysis.
learning latent sentiment scopes	entity-level sentiment analysis
Detecting Patterns of Crime with Series Finder.
detecting patterns	series finder
Truncated Incremental Search: Faster Replanning by Exploiting Suboptimality.
truncated incremental search	faster replanning	exploiting suboptimality
Handling Class Imbalance in Link Prediction Using Learning to Rank Techniques.
handling class imbalance	link prediction	rank techniques
A Multi-Agent Approach to Distributed Rendering Optimization.
distributed rendering optimization	multi-agent approach
Using Closed Captions as Supervision for Video Activity Recognition.
video activity recognition	closed captions
Building Earth Mover's Distance on Bilingual Word Embeddings for Machine Translation.
bilingual word embeddings	building earth mover	machine translation
Grounded Action Transformation for Robot Learning in Simulation.
grounded action transformation	robot learning
A Large-Scale Study on Predicting and Contextualizing Building Energy Usage.
contextualizing building energy usage	large-scale study
Interactive Narrative Planning in The Best Laid Plans.
interactive narrative planning	laid plans
Exploiting Monotonicity in Interval Constraint Propagation.
interval constraint propagation	exploiting monotonicity
Autonomous Mobile Robot Control and Learning with the PELEA Architecture.
autonomous mobile robot control	pelea architecture
Recovering from Selection Bias in Causal and Statistical Inference.
statistical inference	selection bias
Mining User Interests from Personal Photos.
mining user interests	personal photos
Collective Noise Contrastive Estimation for Policy Transfer Learning.
collective noise contrastive estimation	policy transfer learning
Compact RGBD Surface Models Based on Sparse Coding.
compact rgbd surface models based	sparse coding
A Comparison of Supervised Learning Algorithms for Telerobotic Control Using Electromyography Signals.
supervised learning algorithms	telerobotic control	electromyography signals
Parallel Asynchronous Stochastic Variance Reduction for Nonconvex Optimization.
parallel asynchronous stochastic variance reduction	nonconvex optimization
Variations on the Hotelling-Downs Model.
hotelling-downs model
Predicting the Hardness of Learning Bayesian Networks.
learning bayesian networks
Machine Learning for Automatic Mapping of Planetary Surfaces.
planetary surfaces	automatic mapping	machine learning
Active Transfer Learning for Cross-System Recommendation.
active transfer learning	cross-system recommendation
Two-Player Game Structures for Generalized Planning and Agent Composition.
two-player game structures	agent composition	generalized planning
Optimal Sequential Drilling for Hydrocarbon Field Development Planning.
hydrocarbon field development planning	optimal sequential drilling
Learning to Suggest Questions in Online Forums.
online forums	suggest questions
Learning from Concept Drifting Data Streams with Unlabeled Data.
concept drifting data streams	unlabeled data
Co-Evolution of Selection and Influence in Social Networks.
social networks
Sample Complexity and Performance Bounds for Non-Parametric Approximate Linear Programming.
non-parametric approximate linear programming	sample complexity	performance bounds
Derivative-Free Optimization via Classification.
derivative-free optimization
Agent Behavior Prediction and Its Generalization Analysis.
agent behavior prediction	generalization analysis
Differentiating Between Posed and Spontaneous Expressions with Latent Regression Bayesian Network.
latent regression bayesian network	spontaneous expressions
Automatic Emphatic Information Extraction from Aligned Acoustic Data and Its Application on Sentence Compression.
automatic emphatic information extraction	aligned acoustic data	sentence compression
Keyword Extraction and Headline Generation Using Novel Word Features.
word features	headline generation	keyword extraction
A Corpus-Guided Framework for Robotic Visual Perception.
robotic visual perception	corpus-guided framework
Investigating the Effectiveness of Laplacian-Based Kernels in Hub Reduction.
laplacian-based kernels	hub reduction
On Keeping Secrets: Intelligent Agents and the Ethics of Information Hiding.
information hiding	keeping secrets	intelligent agents
Should Algorithms for Random SAT and Max-SAT Be Different?
random sat
Cross-Lingual Taxonomy Alignment with Bilingual Biterm Topic Model.
bilingual biterm topic model	cross-lingual taxonomy alignment
Representing Verbs as Argument Concepts.
argument concepts	representing verbs
Learning Accuracy and Availability of Humans Who Help Mobile Robots.
learning accuracy	mobile robots
Cross-Domain Kernel Induction for Transfer Learning.
cross-domain kernel induction	transfer learning
Refer-to-as Relations as Semantic Knowledge.
semantic knowledge
Factorization Bandits for Interactive Recommendation.
interactive recommendation	factorization bandits
Novel Mechanisms for Online Crowdsourcing with Unreliable, Strategic Agents.
strategic agents	online crowdsourcing
R-CAST: Integrating Team Intelligence for Human-Centered Teamwork.
integrating team intelligence	human-centered teamwork
InfoMax Control for Acoustic Exploration of Objects by a Mobile Robot.
mobile robot	acoustic exploration	infomax control
Reasoning about Saturated Conditional Independence Under Uncertainty: Axioms, Algorithms, and Levesque's Situations to the Rescue.
saturated conditional independence
Semantic Lexicon Induction from Twitter with Pattern Relatedness and Flexible Term Length.
flexible term length	semantic lexicon induction	pattern relatedness
Unsupervised Feature Learning for 3D Scene Reconstruction with Occupancy Maps.
3d scene reconstruction	unsupervised feature learning	occupancy maps
Dimension Amnesic Pyramid Match Kernel.
dimension amnesic pyramid match kernel
A Unifying Variational Inference Framework for Hierarchical Graph-Coupled HMM with an Application to Influenza Infection.
unifying variational inference framework	hierarchical graph-coupled hmm	influenza infection
Converting Instance Checking to Subsumption: A Rethink for Object Queries over Practical Ontologies.
converting instance checking	practical ontologies	object queries
Compile!
compile
Learning Abductive Reasoning Using Random Examples.
learning abductive reasoning	random examples
A Model for Intransitive Preferences.
intransitive preferences
Can We (and Should We) Make Formal Sense of General Knowledge Expressed in Ordinary Language?
make formal sense	general knowledge expressed	ordinary language
Tracking Idea Flows between Social Groups.
tracking idea flows	social groups
A Scalable Framework to Choose Sellers in E-Marketplaces Using POMDPs.
choose sellers	scalable framework
Classification from One Class of Examples for Relational Domains.
relational domains
Integrating Image Clustering and Codebook Learning.
integrating image clustering	codebook learning
Heterogeneous Metric Learning with Joint Graph Regularization for Cross-Media Retrieval.
joint graph regularization	heterogeneous metric learning	cross-media retrieval
Intelligent System for Urban Emergency Management during Large-Scale Disaster.
urban emergency management	intelligent system	large-scale disaster
A Dynamic Rationalization of Distance Rationalizability.
distance rationalizability	dynamic rationalization
Bayes-Adaptive Interactive POMDPs.
bayes-adaptive interactive pomdps
Verb Pattern: A Probabilistic Semantic Representation on Verbs.
probabilistic semantic representation	verb pattern
On the Effectiveness of Belief State Representation in Contingent Planning.
belief state representation	contingent planning
Representation, Reasoning, and Learning for a Relational Influence Diagram Applied to a Real-Time Geological Domain.
relational influence diagram applied	real-time geological domain
Learning Transformation Rules by Examples.
learning transformation rules
Learning Entity and Relation Embeddings for Knowledge Graph Completion.
knowledge graph completion	learning entity	relation embeddings
What Happens Next? Future Subevent Prediction Using Contextual Hierarchical LSTM.
contextual hierarchical lstm	future subevent prediction
An Additive Autoregressive Hidden Markov Model for Energy Disaggregation.
additive autoregressive hidden markov model	energy disaggregation
Spectrum-Based Sequential Diagnosis.
spectrum-based sequential diagnosis
An Efficient Branch-and-Bound Algorithm Based on MaxSAT for the Maximum Clique Problem.
efficient branch-and-bound algorithm based	maximum clique problem
Nested Monte Carlo Search for Two-Player Games.
nested monte carlo search	two-player games
Computing Contingent Plans Using Online Replanning.
computing contingent plans	online replanning
Equilibria of Online Scheduling Algorithms.
online scheduling algorithms
Beyond Equilibrium: Predicting Human Behavior in Normal-Form Games.
predicting human behavior	normal-form games
Decision Sum-Product-Max Networks.
decision sum-product-max networks
Symmetry-Aware Marginal Density Estimation.
symmetry-aware marginal density estimation
Qualitative Reasoning with Modelica Models.
qualitative reasoning	modelica models
PR + RQ ALMOST EQUAL TO PQ: Transliteration Mining Using Bridge Language.
pr + rq	transliteration mining	bridge language
Personalized Tag Recommendation through Nonlinear Tensor Factorization Using Gaussian Kernel.
personalized tag recommendation	nonlinear tensor factorization	gaussian kernel
Feature-Cost Sensitive Learning with Submodular Trees of Classifiers.
feature-cost sensitive learning	submodular trees
Model Checking Probabilistic Knowledge: A PSPACE Case.
model checking probabilistic knowledge	pspace case
Learning Cross-Domain Neural Networks for Sketch-Based 3D Shape Retrieval.
learning cross-domain neural networks	sketch-based 3d shape retrieval
Qualitative Spatio-Temporal Stream Reasoning with Unobservable Intertemporal Spatial Relations Using Landmarks.
unobservable intertemporal spatial relations	qualitative spatio-temporal stream reasoning
Stochastic Privacy.
stochastic privacy
Teaching Big Data Analytics Skills with Intelligent Workflow Systems.
teaching big data analytics skills	intelligent workflow systems
Model AI Assignments 2017.
model ai assignments 2017
Understanding Dominant Factors for Precipitation over the Great Lakes Region.
understanding dominant factors	great lakes region
Materializing and Persisting Inferred and Uncertain Knowledge in RDF Datasets.
uncertain knowledge	persisting inferred	rdf datasets
BlogVox: Learning Sentiment Classifiers.
learning sentiment classifiers
Solving Semantic Problems Using Contexts Extracted from Knowledge Graphs.
solving semantic problems	contexts extracted	knowledge graphs
Ties Matter: Complexity of Manipulation when Tie-Breaking with a Random Vote.
ties matter	random vote
Intentions in Equilibrium.
intentions
An Efficient Motion Planning Algorithm for Stochastic Dynamic Systems with Constraints on Probability of Failure.
efficient motion planning algorithm	stochastic dynamic systems
Dependence Minimizing Regression with Model Selection for Non-Linear Causal Inference under Non-Gaussian Noise.
non-linear causal inference	dependence minimizing regression	non-gaussian noise	model selection
Modeling Context Aware Dynamic Trust Using Hidden Markov Model.
modeling context aware dynamic trust	hidden markov model
Goal Recognition Design for Non-Optimal Agents.
goal recognition design	non-optimal agents
An Event Reconstruction Tool for Conflict Monitoring Using Social Media.
event reconstruction tool	social media	conflict monitoring
Topic Aware Neural Response Generation.
topic aware neural response generation
Two Algorithms for the Movements of Robotic Bodyguard Teams.
robotic bodyguard teams
Sequential Peer Prediction: Learning to Elicit Effort using Posted Prices.
sequential peer prediction	posted prices	elicit effort
On the Axiomatic Characterization of Runoff Voting Rules.
runoff voting rules	axiomatic characterization
DinTucker: Scaling Up Gaussian Process Models on Large Multidimensional Arrays.
large multidimensional arrays	gaussian process models
Self-Paced Learning for Matrix Factorization.
matrix factorization	self-paced learning
Bootstrapping Distantly Supervised IE Using Joint Learning and Small Well-Structured Corpora.
small well-structured corpora	bootstrapping distantly supervised	joint learning
A Closer Look at the Probabilistic Description Logic Prob-EL.
probabilistic description logic prob-el
When to Stop? That Is the Question.
question
Accurate Integration of Aerosol Predictions by Smoothing on a Manifold.
accurate integration	aerosol predictions
Green Driver: AI in a Microcosm.
green driver
Modeling the Effects of Emotion on Cognition.
emotion
Optimizing and Learning Diffusion Behaviors in Complex Network.
learning diffusion behaviors	complex network
SimSensei Demonstration: A Perceptive Virtual Human Interviewer for Healthcare Applications.
perceptive virtual human interviewer	healthcare applications	simsensei demonstration
Fortune Teller: Predicting Your Career Path.
fortune teller	career path
Salient Object Detection via Objectness Proposals.
salient object detection	objectness proposals
Discriminative Multi-Task Feature Selection.
discriminative multi-task feature selection
A Market-Based Coordination Mechanism for Resource Planning Under Uncertainty.
market-based coordination mechanism	resource planning
Approximate Bayesian Inference for Reconstructing Velocities of Migrating Birds from Weather Radar.
approximate bayesian inference	reconstructing velocities	weather radar	migrating birds
Building Effective Representations for Sketch Recognition.
building effective representations	sketch recognition
An Empirical Study of Bagging Predictors for Different Learning Algorithms.
bagging predictors	learning algorithms	empirical study
Integrating a Closed World Planner with an Open World Robot: A Case Study.
open world robot	closed world planner	case study
A Prototype Intelligent Assistant to Help Dysphagia Patients Eat Safely At Home.
dysphagia patients eat safely	prototype intelligent assistant
Optimizing Multivariate Performance Measures from Multi-View Data.
optimizing multivariate performance measures	multi-view data
Learning Heterogeneous Dictionary Pair with Feature Projection Matrix for Pedestrian Video Retrieval via Single Query Image.
learning heterogeneous dictionary pair	pedestrian video retrieval	feature projection matrix	single query image
Soundness Preserving Approximation for TBox Reasoning.
soundness preserving approximation	tbox reasoning
Natural Temporal Difference Learning.
natural temporal difference learning
Constructing Folksonomies by Integrating Structured Metadata with Relational Clustering.
integrating structured metadata	relational clustering	constructing folksonomies
A Deep Learning Approach for Arabic Caption Generation Using Roots-Words.
arabic caption generation	deep learning approach
Active Learning from Oracle with Knowledge Blind Spot.
knowledge blind spot	active learning
Learning Patch-Based Dynamic Graph for Visual Tracking.
learning patch-based dynamic graph	visual tracking
Integrating Multiple Learning Components through Markov Logic.
integrating multiple learning components	markov logic
Combining Heterogenous Social and Geographical Information for Event Recommendation.
combining heterogenous social	geographical information	event recommendation
Influence-Driven Model for Time Series Prediction from Partial Observations.
time series prediction	partial observations	influence-driven model
Trust Models and Con-Man Agents: From Mathematical to Empirical Analysis.
con-man agents	empirical analysis	trust models
Delay-Tolerant Online Convex Optimization: Unified Analysis and Adaptive-Gradient Algorithms.
delay-tolerant online convex optimization	adaptive-gradient algorithms	unified analysis
Robust Execution of BDI Agent Programs by Exploiting Synergies Between Intentions.
bdi agent programs	exploiting synergies	robust execution
Potential-Aware Imperfect-Recall Abstraction with Earth Mover's Distance in Imperfect-Information Games.
potential-aware imperfect-recall abstraction	earth mover	imperfect-information games
Automated Problem List Generation from Electronic Medical Records in IBM Watson.
automated problem list generation	electronic medical records	ibm watson
Balancing Efficiency and Fairness in Dynamic Kidney Exchange.
dynamic kidney exchange	balancing efficiency
User Identification by Means of Sketched Stroke Features.
sketched stroke features	user identification
Computational Aspects of Covering in Dominance Graphs.
computational aspects	dominance graphs
Regularization in Hierarchical Time Series Forecasting with Application to Electricity Smart Meter Data.
hierarchical time series forecasting	electricity smart meter data
Name-Ethnicity Classification and Ethnicity-Sensitive Name Matching.
name-ethnicity classification
Chatting Activity Recognition in Social Occasions Using Factorial Conditional Random Fields with Iterative Classification.
factorial conditional random fields	chatting activity recognition	iterative classification	social occasions
Querying Partially Labelled Data to Improve a K-nn Classifier.
querying partially labelled data	k-nn classifier
Generalizing Policy Advice with Gaussian Process Bandits for Dynamic Skill Improvement.
gaussian process bandits	dynamic skill improvement	generalizing policy advice
Application of Artificial Intelligence to Operational Real-Time Clear-Air Turbulence Prediction.
operational real-time clear-air turbulence prediction	artificial intelligence
Possibilistic Behavior Recognition in Smart Homes for Cognitive Assistance.
possibilistic behavior recognition	smart homes	cognitive assistance
Imbalanced Multiple Noisy Labeling for Supervised Learning.
imbalanced multiple noisy labeling	supervised learning
Learning Parametric Models for Social Infectivity in Multi-Dimensional Hawkes Processes.
learning parametric models	multi-dimensional hawkes processes	social infectivity
Efficient Metadeliberation Auctions.
efficient metadeliberation auctions
On Improving Conformant Planners by Analyzing Domain-Structures.
improving conformant planners	analyzing domain-structures
Distinguish Polarity in Bag-of-Words Visualization.
distinguish polarity	bag-of-words visualization
Computing Equilibria with Two-Player Zero-Sum Continuous Stochastic Games with Switching Controller.
two-player zero-sum continuous stochastic games	switching controller	computing equilibria
Cycle-Based Singleton Local Consistencies.
cycle-based singleton local consistencies
Memory-Efficient Dynamic Programming for Learning Optimal Bayesian Networks.
learning optimal bayesian networks	memory-efficient dynamic programming
Integrative Construction and Analysis of Condition-specific Biological Networks.
condition-specific biological networks	integrative construction
Stochastic Planning and Lifted Inference.
lifted inference	stochastic planning
Drosophila Gene Expression Pattern Annotations via Multi-Instance Biological Relevance Learning.
drosophila gene expression pattern annotations	multi-instance biological relevance learning
How Incomplete Is Your Semantic Web Reasoner?
semantic web reasoner
Structure Learning for Markov Logic Networks with Many Descriptive Attributes.
markov logic networks	structure learning	descriptive attributes
Negotiated Learning for Smart Grid Agents: Entity Selection based on Dynamic Partially Observable Features.
dynamic partially observable features	entity selection based	smart grid agents	negotiated learning
Visual Contextual Advertising: Bringing Textual Advertisements to Images.
visual contextual advertising	bringing textual advertisements
Online Social Spammer Detection.
online social spammer detection
A General Perceptual Model for Eldercare Robots.
general perceptual model	eldercare robots
Graph Partitioning Based on Link Distributions.
graph partitioning based	link distributions
Near-Optimal Active Learning of Halfspaces via Query Synthesis in the Noisy Setting.
near-optimal active learning	query synthesis	noisy setting
Truth, Justice, and Cake Cutting.
cake cutting
Water Conservation Through Facilitation on Residential Landscapes.
water conservation	residential landscapes
DTProbLog: A Decision-Theoretic Probabilistic Prolog.
decision-theoretic probabilistic prolog
Veto-Consensus Multiple Kernel Learning.
veto-consensus multiple kernel learning
Towards User-Adaptive Information Visualization.
user-adaptive information visualization
Extending STR to a Higher-Order Consistency.
extending str	higher-order consistency
Mining User Intents in Twitter: A Semi-Supervised Approach to Inferring Intent Categories for Tweets.
inferring intent categories	mining user intents	semi-supervised approach
Lattice-Based Recurrent Neural Network Encoders for Neural Machine Translation.
lattice-based recurrent neural network encoders	neural machine translation
Towards Learning From Stories: An Approach to Interactive Machine Learning.
interactive machine learning
Optimizing Bag Features for Multiple-Instance Retrieval.
optimizing bag features	multiple-instance retrieval
An AGM-Based Belief Revision Mechanism for Probabilistic Spatio-Temporal Logics.
agm-based belief revision mechanism	probabilistic spatio-temporal logics
Covering Number as a Complexity Measure for POMDP Planning and Learning.
pomdp planning	complexity measure	covering number
A Kernel-Based Iterative Combinatorial Auction.
kernel-based iterative combinatorial auction
An Adversarial Interpretation of Information-Theoretic Bounded Rationality.
information-theoretic bounded rationality	adversarial interpretation
Acquiring Knowledge of Affective Events from Blogs Using Label Propagation.
acquiring knowledge	affective events	label propagation
Efficiently Learning a Distance Metric for Large Margin Nearest Neighbor Classification.
large margin nearest neighbor classification	distance metric	efficiently learning
Expressive Recommender Systems through Normalized Nonnegative Models.
expressive recommender systems	normalized nonnegative models
Understanding Emerging Spatial Entities.
understanding emerging spatial entities
Concepts Not Alone: Exploring Pairwise Relationships for Zero-Shot Video Activity Recognition.
zero-shot video activity recognition	exploring pairwise relationships
Low-Rank Tensor Completion with Spatio-Temporal Consistency.
low-rank tensor completion	spatio-temporal consistency
Lifted Probabilistic Inference with Counting Formulas.
lifted probabilistic inference	counting formulas
Prediction and Change Detection in Sequential Data for Interactive Applications.
change detection	sequential data	interactive applications
Just-in-Time Hierarchical Constraint Decomposition.
just-in-time hierarchical constraint decomposition
Bayesian Affect Control Theory of Self.
bayesian affect control theory
Dealing with Trouble: A Data-Driven Model of a Repair Type for a Conversational Agent.
conversational agent	repair type	data-driven model
Learning Relational Kalman Filtering.
learning relational kalman filtering
Focusing Generalizations of Belief Propagation on Targeted Queries.
targeted queries	focusing generalizations	belief propagation
Computing Preferences Based on Agents' Beliefs.
computing preferences based
Associate Latent Encodings in Learning from Demonstrations.
associate latent encodings
Estimating Quantitative Magnitudes Using Semantic Similarity.
estimating quantitative magnitudes	semantic similarity
Visual Learning of Arithmetic Operation.
arithmetic operation	visual learning
Analyzing Microtext, Papers from the 2011 AAAI Workshop, San Francisco, California, USA, August 8, 2011
analyzing microtext	san francisco	2011 aaai workshop
Human-Like Morality and Ethics for Robots.
robots
In Defense of Large Qualitative Calculi.
large qualitative calculi
Treatment Effect Estimation with Data-Driven Variable Decomposition.
data-driven variable decomposition	treatment effect estimation
Learning Generalized Plans Using Abstract Counting.
learning generalized plans	abstract counting
A Belief Revision Framework for Revising Epistemic States with Partial Epistemic States.
revising epistemic states	partial epistemic states	belief revision framework
Semi-Supervised Learning for Blog Classification.
semi-supervised learning	blog classification
Non-Linear Label Ranking for Large-Scale Prediction of Long-Term User Interests.
long-term user interests	non-linear label ranking	large-scale prediction
Transferable Utility Planning Games.
transferable utility planning games
Reinforcement Learning on Multiple Correlated Signals.
multiple correlated signals	reinforcement learning
Cupid: Commitments in Relational Algebra.
relational algebra
Finding State Similarities for Faster Planning.
finding state similarities	faster planning
Predicting Mortality of Intensive Care Patients via Learning about Hazard.
intensive care patients	predicting mortality
Visualizing Inference.
visualizing inference
Towards a Dataset for Human Computer Communication via Grounded Language Acquisition.
grounded language acquisition	human computer communication
Statistical Relational Artificial Intelligence, Papers from the 2010 AAAI Workshop, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, July 12, 2010
statistical relational artificial intelligence	2010 aaai workshop
On Capturing Semantics in Ontology Mapping.
ontology mapping	capturing semantics
Benders Decomposition for Large-Scale Prescriptive Evacuations.
large-scale prescriptive evacuations	benders decomposition
Patrol Strategies to Maximize Pristine Forest Area.
maximize pristine forest area	patrol strategies
A Unified Algorithm for One-Cass Structured Matrix Factorization with Side Information.
one-cass structured matrix factorization	unified algorithm	side information
Automatic Derivation of Finite-State Machines for Behavior Control.
automatic derivation	behavior control	finite-state machines
Subjective Trust Inference in Composite Services.
subjective trust inference	composite services
Semi-Supervised Dictionary Learning via Structural Sparse Preserving.
structural sparse preserving	semi-supervised dictionary learning
Approximation and Parameterized Complexity of Minimax Approval Voting.
minimax approval voting	parameterized complexity
Swiss-System Based Cascade Ranking for Gait-Based Person Re-Identification.
swiss-system based cascade ranking	gait-based person re-identification
Conjunctive Query Inseparability of OWL 2 QL TBoxes.
conjunctive query inseparability	owl 2 ql tboxes
The Relational Push-Pull Model: A Generative Model for Relational Data Clustering.
relational data clustering	relational push-pull model	generative model
Instructable Intelligent Personal Agent.
instructable intelligent personal agent
Optimal Social Trust Path Selection in Complex Social Networks.
optimal social trust path selection	complex social networks
Examining Difficulties Software Developers Encounter in the Adoption of Statistical Machine Learning.
examining difficulties software developers encounter	statistical machine learning
Generating Real-Time Crowd Advice to Improve Reinforcement Learning Agents.
improve reinforcement learning agents	generating real-time crowd advice
Mechanism Design for Federated Sponsored Search Auctions.
federated sponsored search auctions	mechanism design
On the Progression of Situation Calculus Basic Action Theories: Resolving a 10-year-old Conjecture.
situation calculus basic action theories
A General Clustering Agreement Index: For Comparing Disjoint and Overlapping Clusters.
general clustering agreement index	comparing disjoint	overlapping clusters
Is It Harmful When Advisors Only Pretend to Be Honest?
harmful
Semantic Connection Based Topic Evolution.
semantic connection based topic evolution
Emoticon Smoothed Language Models for Twitter Sentiment Analysis.
emoticon smoothed language models	twitter sentiment analysis
CosTriage: A Cost-Aware Triage Algorithm for Bug Reporting Systems.
cost-aware triage algorithm	bug reporting systems
Approximating the Sum Operation for Marginal-MAP Inference.
sum operation	marginal-map inference
Belief Change and Cryptographic Protocol Verification.
cryptographic protocol verification	belief change
Learning for Decentralized Control of Multiagent Systems in Large, Partially-Observable Stochastic Environments.
partially-observable stochastic environments	multiagent systems	decentralized control
Integrating Constraint Satisfaction and Spatial Reasoning.
integrating constraint satisfaction	spatial reasoning
Robust Semi-Supervised Learning through Label Aggregation.
robust semi-supervised learning	label aggregation
COT: Contextual Operating Tensor for Context-Aware Recommender Systems.
contextual operating tensor	context-aware recommender systems
Large-Scale Multi-View Spectral Clustering via Bipartite Graph.
large-scale multi-view spectral clustering	bipartite graph
Forecasting Collector Road Speeds Under High Percentage of Missing Data.
forecasting collector road speeds	missing data	high percentage
Inductive Pairwise Ranking: Going Beyond the n log(n) Barrier.
inductive pairwise ranking
Many-Pairs Mutual Information for Adding Structure to Belief Propagation Approximations.
many-pairs mutual information	belief propagation approximations	adding structure
Group and Graph Joint Sparsity for Linked Data Classification.
graph joint sparsity	linked data classification
Stable Feature Selection from Brain sMRI.
stable feature selection	brain smri
Recommending Related Microblogs: A Comparison Between Topic and WordNet based Approaches.
recommending related microblogs	wordnet based approaches
Fixing a Balanced Knockout Tournament.
balanced knockout tournament
Ordinal Regression via Manifold Learning.
ordinal regression	manifold learning
Exact Algorithms and Experiments for Hierarchical Tree Clustering.
hierarchical tree clustering	exact algorithms
Collaborative Models for Referring Expression Generation in Situated Dialogue.
referring expression generation	situated dialogue	collaborative models
Deep Learning for Fixed Model Reuse.
fixed model reuse	deep learning
Cautious Inference in Collective Classification.
collective classification	cautious inference
Designing Vaccines that Are Robust to Virus Escape.
virus escape	designing vaccines
Efficient Querying Relaxed Dominant Relationship between Product Items Based on Rank Aggregation.
efficient querying relaxed dominant relationship	product items based	rank aggregation
Markov Argumentation Random Fields.
markov argumentation random fields
A Security Game Combining Patrolling and Alarm-Triggered Responses Under Spatial and Detection Uncertainties.
security game combining patrolling	detection uncertainties	alarm-triggered responses
Agnostic System Identification for Monte Carlo Planning.
monte carlo planning	agnostic system identification
A Machine Learning Approach to Musically Meaningful Homogeneous Style Classification.
musically meaningful homogeneous style classification	machine learning approach
Discovering Long Range Properties of Social Networks with Multi-Valued Time-Inhomogeneous Models.
discovering long range properties	multi-valued time-inhomogeneous models	social networks
Towards Tractable and Practical ABox Abduction over Inconsistent Description Logic Ontologies.
inconsistent description logic ontologies	practical abox abduction
Declarative Learning Based Programming, Papers from the 2016 AAAI Workshop, Phoenix, Arizona, USA, February 13, 2016.
declarative learning based programming	2016 aaai workshop
Teaching Machines to Learn by Metaphors.
teaching machines
Temporal Difference and Policy Search Methods for Reinforcement Learning: An Empirical Comparison.
policy search methods	temporal difference	empirical comparison	reinforcement learning
Sub-Selective Quantization for Large-Scale Image Search.
large-scale image search	sub-selective quantization
Robust Complex Behaviour Modeling at 90Hz.
robust complex behaviour modeling
Recommending Travel Packages Upon Distributed Knowledge.
recommending travel packages	distributed knowledge
Improving Efficiency of SVM k-Fold Cross-Validation by Alpha Seeding.
svm k-fold cross-validation	improving efficiency	alpha seeding
A Generative Model of Words and Relationships from Multiple Sources.
multiple sources	generative model
Approaches to Multi-Robot Exploration and Localization.
multi-robot exploration
Searching Without a Heuristic: Efficient Use of Abstraction.
efficient
Combining Logical Abduction and Statistical Induction: Discovering Written Primitives with Human Knowledge.
combining logical abduction	discovering written primitives	human knowledge	statistical induction
XPath for DL Ontologies.
dl ontologies
Imputation, Social Choice, and Partial Preferences.
social choice	partial preferences
Rotunde - A Smart Meeting Cinematography Initiative - Tools, Datasets, and Benchmarks for Cognitive Interpretation and Control.
smart meeting cinematography initiative	cognitive interpretation
Online Updating the Generalized Inverse of Centered Matrices.
generalized inverse	centered matrices	online updating
Stochastic Safest and Shortest Path Problems.
shortest path problems	stochastic safest
Big-Data Mechanisms and Energy-Policy Design.
energy-policy design	big-data mechanisms
Efficient Reinforcement Learning with Relocatable Action Models.
efficient reinforcement learning	relocatable action models
Learning by Transferring from Unsupervised Universal Sources.
unsupervised universal sources
On the Identification of a Class of Linear Models.
linear models
Self-Driving Aircraft Towing Vehicles: A Preliminary Report.
self-driving aircraft towing vehicles	preliminary report
Using Model-Based Diagnosis to Improve Software Testing.
improve software testing	model-based diagnosis
Towards Verifiably Ethical Robot Behaviour.
verifiably ethical robot behaviour
Proximal Iteratively Reweighted Algorithm with Multiple Splitting for Nonconvex Sparsity Optimization.
proximal iteratively reweighted algorithm	nonconvex sparsity optimization	multiple splitting
Adding Affective Argumentation to the GenIE Assistant.
adding affective argumentation	genie assistant
Structured Embedding via Pairwise Relations and Long-Range Interactions in Knowledge Base.
pairwise relations	long-range interactions	structured embedding	knowledge base
Learning Residual Alternating Automata.
learning residual alternating automata
Lift-Based Bidding in Ad Selection.
lift-based bidding	ad selection
Chinese Overt Pronoun Resolution: A Bilingual Approach.
chinese overt pronoun resolution	bilingual approach
Learning to Analyze Binary Computer Code.
analyze binary computer code
Commonsense Interpretation of Triangle Behavior.
commonsense interpretation	triangle behavior
The Efficiency of the HyperPlay Technique Over Random Sampling.
hyperplay technique	random sampling
Complexity of Shift Bribery in Committee Elections.
committee elections	shift bribery
Using The Matrix Ridge Approximation to Speedup Determinantal Point Processes Sampling Algorithms.
speedup determinantal point processes sampling algorithms	matrix ridge approximation
A Generalised Solution to the Out-of-Sample Extension Problem in Manifold Learning.
out-of-sample extension problem	generalised solution	manifold learning
EWLS: A New Local Search for Minimum Vertex Cover.
minimum vertex cover	local search
Relaxed Survey Propagation: A Sum-Product Algorithm for Max-SAT.
relaxed survey propagation	sum-product algorithm
Reconstructing the Stochastic Evolution Diagram of Dynamic Complex Systems.
stochastic evolution diagram	dynamic complex systems
Incomplete Preferences in Single-Peaked Electorates.
single-peaked electorates	incomplete preferences
Clustering with Complex Constraints - Algorithms and Applications.
complex constraints
Recurrent Transition Hierarchies for Continual Learning: A General Overview.
recurrent transition hierarchies	general overview	continual learning
Symbolic Model Checking Epistemic Strategy Logic.
symbolic model checking epistemic strategy logic
An Efficient and Complete Approach for Cooperative Path-Finding.
complete approach	cooperative path-finding
A Multi-Domain Evaluation of Scaling in a General Episodic Memory.
general episodic memory	multi-domain evaluation
Using Iterated Best-Response to Find Bayes-Nash Equilibria in Auctions.
find bayes-nash equilibria	iterated best-response
Complexity of and Algorithms for Borda Manipulation.
borda manipulation
Leveraging Features and Networks for Probabilistic Tensor Decomposition.
probabilistic tensor decomposition	leveraging features
Increasing Nogoods in Restart-Based Search.
restart-based search	increasing nogoods
Multiwinner Approval Rules as Apportionment Methods.
multiwinner approval rules	apportionment methods
Efficient Issue-Grouping Approach for Multi-Issues Negotiation between Exaggerator Agents.
efficient issue-grouping approach	multi-issues negotiation	exaggerator agents
The Modal Logic S4F, the Default Logic, and the Logic Here-and-There.
modal logic s4f	default logic	logic here-and-
A Formal Framework for Studying Interaction in Human-Robot Societies.
studying interaction	formal framework	human-robot societies
Generalized Point Based Value Iteration for Interactive POMDPs.
generalized point based	interactive pomdps
Towards Multiagent Meta-level Control.
multiagent meta-level control
WWDS APIs: Application Programming Interfaces for Efficient Manipulation of World WordNet Database Structure.
world wordnet database structure	application programming interfaces	wwds apis	efficient manipulation
Achieving Cooperation in a Minimally Constrained Environment.
minimally constrained environment	achieving cooperation
Reputation-Aware Continuous Double Auction.
reputation-aware continuous double auction
Decentralized Planning in Stochastic Environments with Submodular Rewards.
stochastic environments	decentralized planning	submodular rewards
From Semantic to Emotional Space in Probabilistic Sense Sentiment Analysis.
probabilistic sense sentiment analysis	emotional space
Relational Logistic Regression: The Directed Analog of Markov Logic Networks.
relational logistic regression	markov logic networks	directed analog
Developing a Framework for Team-Based Robotics Research.
team-based robotics research
Identifying At-Risk Students in Massive Open Online Courses.
massive open online courses	identifying at-risk students
Modeling Eye Movements when Reading Microblogs.
modeling eye movements	reading microblogs
Advances in Lifted Importance Sampling.
lifted importance sampling
A General Nogood-Learning Framework for Pseudo-Boolean Multi-Valued SAT.
general nogood-learning framework	pseudo-boolean multi-valued sat
A Sampling Based Approach for Proactive Project Scheduling with Time-Dependent Duration Uncertainty.
time-dependent duration uncertainty	proactive project scheduling	sampling based approach
Information Credibility Evaluation on Social Media.
information credibility evaluation	social media
An Algorithmic Framework for Strategic Fair Division.
strategic fair division	algorithmic framework
Not Quite the Same: Identity Constraints for the Web of Linked Data.
identity constraints	linked data
Conquering Adversary Behavioral Uncertainty in Security Games: An Efficient Modeling Robust Based Algorithm.
efficient modeling robust based algorithm	conquering adversary behavioral uncertainty	security games
Three New Algorithms to Solve N-POMDPs.
solve n-pomdps
Designing a Visual Analytic System to Represent Bookmark Sharing Data.
represent bookmark sharing data	visual analytic system
Robust Decision Making under Strategic Uncertainty in Multiagent Environments.
robust decision making	multiagent environments	strategic uncertainty
Cleaning the Null Space: A Privacy Mechanism for Predictors.
null space	privacy mechanism
A Closed Form Solution to Multi-View Low-Rank Regression.
multi-view low-rank regression	closed form solution
Maestoso: An Intelligent Educational Sketching Tool for Learning Music Theory.
intelligent educational sketching tool	learning music theory
On Computing Optimal Strategies in Open List Proportional Representation: The Two Parties Case.
open list proportional representation	computing optimal strategies	parties case
The More the Merrier: Multi-Party Negotiation with Virtual Humans.
multi-party negotiation	virtual humans
Forgetting Actions in Domain Descriptions.
forgetting actions	domain descriptions
Robust Learning from Demonstration Techniques and Tools.
robust learning	demonstration techniques
The Impact of Network Topology on Pure Nash Equilibria in Graphical Games.
pure nash equilibria	network topology	graphical games
Dependency Tree Representations of Predicate-Argument Structures.
dependency tree representations	predicate-argument structures
Visualization and Adjustment of Evaluation Functions Based on Evaluation Values and Win Probability.
evaluation functions based	evaluation values	win probability
Security Games with Protection Externalities.
protection externalities	security games
Preemptive Strategies for Overcoming the Forgetting of Goals.
preemptive strategies
The AC(C) Language: Integrating Answer Set Programming and Constraint Logic Programming.
integrating answer set programming	constraint logic programming
On the Performance of GoogLeNet and AlexNet Applied to Sketches.
alexnet applied
Tractable Probabilistic Knowledge Bases: Wikipedia and Beyond.
tractable probabilistic knowledge bases
Scaling Simultaneous Optimistic Optimization for High-Dimensional Non-Convex Functions with Low Effective Dimensions.
scaling simultaneous optimistic optimization	low effective dimensions	high-dimensional non-convex functions
A Connectionist Cognitive Model for Temporal Synchronisation and Learning.
connectionist cognitive model	temporal synchronisation
Clustering Documents Along Multiple Dimensions.
clustering documents	multiple dimensions
Computing General First-Order Parallel and Prioritized Circumscription.
computing general first-order parallel	prioritized circumscription
Multiagent Meta-Level Control for Predicting Meteorological Phenomena.
predicting meteorological phenomena	multiagent meta-level control
An Adaptive Gradient Method for Online AUC Maximization.
online auc maximization	adaptive gradient method
TextBoxes: A Fast Text Detector with a Single Deep Neural Network.
single deep neural network	fast text detector
Beyond Individualism: Modeling Team Playing Behavior in Robot Soccer through Case-Based Reasoning.
modeling team playing behavior	robot soccer	case-based reasoning
User Model and Utility Based Power Management.
utility based power management	user model
Identifying Evaluative Sentences in Online Discussions.
identifying evaluative sentences	online discussions
Evaluating the Robustness of Game Theoretic Solutions When Using Abstraction.
game theoretic solutions
Constraint-Based Verification of a Mobile App Game Designed for Nudging People to Attend Cancer Screening.
mobile app game designed	attend cancer screening	nudging people	constraint-based verification
Adaptive Proximal Average Approximation for Composite Convex Minimization.
adaptive proximal average approximation	composite convex minimization
Approximation Algorithms for Route Planning with Nonlinear Objectives.
approximation algorithms	nonlinear objectives	route planning
A Theoretical Framework of the Graph Shift Algorithm.
graph shift algorithm	theoretical framework
Swissnoise: Online Polls with Game-Theoretic Incentives.
online polls	game-theoretic incentives
Simple Temporal Problems with Taboo Regions.
simple temporal problems	taboo regions
VBPR: Visual Bayesian Personalized Ranking from Implicit Feedback.
visual bayesian personalized ranking	implicit feedback
Worst-Case Solution Quality Analysis When Not Re-Expanding Nodes in Best-First Search.
worst-case solution quality analysis	re-expanding nodes
Generalization Analysis for Ranking Using Integral Operator.
generalization analysis	integral operator
Nonnegative Orthogonal Graph Matching.
nonnegative orthogonal graph matching
Integrating the Cognitive with the Physical: Musical Path Planning for an Improvising Robot.
musical path planning	improvising robot
Who Can Win a Single-Elimination Tournament?
single-elimination tournament
Offline Evaluation of Online Reinforcement Learning Algorithms.
online reinforcement learning algorithms	offline evaluation
Hindsight Optimization for Hybrid State and Action MDPs.
hybrid state	action mdps	hindsight optimization
Detecting Anomalous Sensor Events in Smart Home Data for Enhancing the Living Experience.
detecting anomalous sensor events	smart home data	living experience
Weakly Supervised Learning of Part Selection Model with Spatial Constraints for Fine-Grained Image Classification.
fine-grained image classification	part selection model	weakly supervised learning	spatial constraints
Branch and Price for Multi-Agent Plan Recognition.
multi-agent plan recognition
Using Matched Samples to Estimate the Effects of Exercise on Mental Health via Twitter.
mental health	matched samples
Egocentric Video Search via Physical Interactions.
egocentric video search	physical interactions
The Swarm Application Framework.
swarm application framework
Large Margin Metric Learning for Multi-Label Prediction.
large margin metric learning	multi-label prediction
Basis Function Discovery Using Spectral Clustering and Bisimulation Metrics.
basis function discovery	spectral clustering	bisimulation metrics
Personalized Alert Agent for Optimal User Performance.
optimal user performance	personalized alert agent
Local Optimization for Simulation of Natural Motion.
local optimization	natural motion
Multiagent Graph Coloring: Pareto Efficiency, Fairness and Individual Rationality.
multiagent graph coloring	pareto efficiency	individual rationality
Gaussian Process Planning with Lipschitz Continuous Reward Functions: Towards Unifying Bayesian Optimization, Active Learning, and Beyond.
lipschitz continuous reward functions	gaussian process planning	unifying bayesian optimization	active learning
On the Completeness of Best-First Search Variants That Use Random Exploration.
search variants	random exploration
The Benefits of an Ontological Patient Model in Clinical Decision-Support.
ontological patient model	clinical decision-support
Linear-Time Resource Allocation in Security Games with Identical Fully Protective Resources.
identical fully protective resources	linear-time resource allocation	security games
Data Analysis and Optimization for (Citi)Bike Sharing.
data analysis	bike sharing
Visual Memory QA: Your Personal Photo and Video Search Agent.
visual memory qa	video search agent	personal photo
On Discriminative Semi-Supervised Classification.
discriminative semi-supervised classification
Active Inference for Collective Classification.
collective classification	active inference
Prediction and Fault Detection of Environmental Signals with Uncharacterised Faults.
uncharacterised faults	fault detection	environmental signals
Possibilistic Causal Networks for Handling Interventions: A New Propagation Algorithm.
possibilistic causal networks	propagation algorithm	handling interventions
A Simulator of Human Emergency Mobility Following Disasters: Knowledge Transfer from Big Disaster Data.
human emergency mobility	big disaster data	knowledge transfer
Using Gaussian Process Regression for Efficient Motion Planning in Environments with Deformable Objects.
efficient motion planning	gaussian process regression	deformable objects
Uniform Interpolation and Forgetting for ALC Ontologies with ABoxes.
alc ontologies	uniform interpolation
Task Learning through Visual Demonstration and Situated Dialogue.
situated dialogue	visual demonstration	task learning
Probabilistic Alternating-Time Temporal Logic of Incomplete Information and Synchronous Perfect Recall.
probabilistic alternating-time temporal logic	synchronous perfect recall	incomplete information
Improving Twitter Retrieval by Exploiting Structural Information.
exploiting structural information	improving twitter retrieval
Active Video Summarization: Customized Summaries via On-line Interaction with the User.
active video summarization	customized summaries	on-line interaction
The Benefit in Free Information Disclosure When Selling Information to People.
free information disclosure	selling information
What Is the Longest River in the USA? Semantic Parsing for Aggregation Questions.
aggregation questions	longest river	semantic parsing
ATSUM: Extracting Attractive Summaries for News Propagation on Microblogs.
extracting attractive summaries	news propagation
Preface: The Beyond NP Workshop.
np workshop
Convex Sparse Coding, Subspace Learning, and Semi-Supervised Extensions.
convex sparse coding	subspace learning	semi-supervised extensions
A Bayesian Kernel Logistic Discriminant Model: An Improvement to the Kernel Fisher's Discriminant.
bayesian kernel logistic discriminant model	kernel fisher
Optimal Personalized Filtering Against Spear-Phishing Attacks.
optimal personalized filtering	spear-phishing attacks
Common and Discriminative Subspace Kernel-Based Multiblock Tensor Partial Least Squares Regression.
discriminative subspace kernel-based multiblock tensor partial	squares regression
A Morphology-Aware Network for Morphological Disambiguation.
morphology-aware network	morphological disambiguation
Robust Classification under Covariate Shift with Application to Active Learning.
robust classification	covariate shift	active learning
Polynomially Decomposable Global Cost Functions in Weighted Constraint Satisfaction.
polynomially decomposable global cost functions	weighted constraint satisfaction
Temporal Information Extraction.
temporal information extraction
Partial Meet Revision and Contraction in Logic Programs.
partial meet revision	logic programs
Physical Search Problems Applying Economic Search Models.
physical search problems applying economic search models
Fluxplayer: A Successful General Game Player.
successful general game player
Prometheus Design Tool.
prometheus design tool
Acquiring Comparative Commonsense Knowledge from the Web.
acquiring comparative commonsense knowledge
Creating Images by Learning Image Semantics Using Vector Space Models.
vector space models	learning image semantics	creating images
Designing Better Playlists with Monte Carlo Tree Search.
monte carlo tree search
Detect Overlapping Communities via Ranking Node Popularities.
detect overlapping communities	ranking node popularities
Instance-level Semisupervised Multiple Instance Learning.
instance-level semisupervised multiple instance learning
Combining Ontology Class Expression Generation with Mathematical Modeling for Ontology Learning.
combining ontology class expression generation	ontology learning	mathematical modeling
Adapting ADtrees for High Arity Features.
high arity features	adapting adtrees
Computational Issues in Time-Inconsistent Planning.
computational issues	time-inconsistent planning
Algorithms for Strong Nash Equilibrium with More than Two Agents.
strong nash equilibrium
Fusing Social Networks with Deep Learning for Volunteerism Tendency Prediction.
volunteerism tendency prediction	fusing social networks	deep learning
Optimal Decoupling in Linear Constraint Systems.
linear constraint systems	optimal decoupling
Preventing HIV Spread in Homeless Populations Using PSINET.
preventing hiv spread	homeless populations
Learning to Interpret Natural Language Navigation Instructions from Observations.
interpret natural language navigation instructions
Optimization of Heterogeneous Computing Resources for Robotic Mapping.
heterogeneous computing resources	robotic mapping
Design and Implementation of Two-level Synchronization for Interactive Music Robot.
interactive music robot	two-level synchronization
Sample Bounded Distributed Reinforcement Learning for Decentralized POMDPs.
sample bounded distributed reinforcement learning	decentralized pomdps
Fast-Tracking Stationary MOMDPs for Adaptive Management Problems.
fast-tracking stationary momdps	adaptive management problems
Formalizing Convergent Instrumental Goals.
formalizing convergent instrumental goals
Take or Wait? Learning Turn-Taking from Multiparty Data.
learning turn-taking	multiparty data
What Is Hot in CHI.
chi
Mobility Sequence Extraction and Labeling Using Sparse Cell Phone Data.
sparse cell phone data	mobility sequence extraction
Teaching Automated Strategic Reasoning Using Capstone Tournaments.
teaching automated strategic reasoning	capstone tournaments
Towards Task Recommendation in Micro-Task Markets.
task recommendation	micro-task markets
Progress and Challenges in Research on Cognitive Architectures.
cognitive architectures
DeepFix: Fixing Common C Language Errors by Deep Learning.
language errors	deep learning	fixing common
Capturing Relational Schemas and Functional Dependencies in RDFS.
capturing relational schemas	functional dependencies
Incentive Networks.
incentive networks
Exploiting Support Sets for Answer Set Programs with External Evaluations.
answer set programs	exploiting support sets	external evaluations
Dominance Testing via Model Checking.
dominance testing	model checking
Bridging Video Content and Comments: Synchronized Video Description with Temporal Summarization of Crowdsourced Time-Sync Comments.
bridging video content	synchronized video description	crowdsourced time-sync comments	temporal summarization
Two Efficient Local Search Algorithms for Maximum Weight Clique Problem.
maximum weight clique problem	efficient local search algorithms
Modular Answer Set Solving.
modular answer set solving
An Experimentally Efficient Method for (MSS, CoMSS) Partitioning.
experimentally efficient method
An Object-Based Bayesian Framework for Top-Down Visual Attention.
object-based bayesian framework	visual attention
Progressive EM for Latent Tree Models and Hierarchical Topic Detection.
latent tree models	hierarchical topic detection	progressive em
Abstraction Using Analysis of Subgames.
abstraction
Filtering With Logic Programs and Its Application to General Game Playing.
general game playing	logic programs
Learning Grasp Strategies with Partial Shape Information.
partial shape information	learning grasp strategies
ExTaSem! Extending, Taxonomizing and Semantifying Domain Terminologies.
semantifying domain terminologies
Protein Structure Prediction on the Face Centered Cubic Lattice by Local Search.
face centered cubic lattice	protein structure prediction	local search
DRIMUX: Dynamic Rumor Influence Minimization with User Experience in Social Networks.
dynamic rumor influence minimization	user experience	social networks
Finding Ontological Correspondences for a Domain-Independent Natural Language Dialog Agent.
domain-independent natural language dialog agent	finding ontological correspondences
Characterizing Multi-Agent Team Behavior from Partial Team Tracings: Evidence from the English Premier League.
characterizing multi-agent team behavior	partial team tracings	english premier league
Linear Discriminant Analysis: New Formulations and Overfit Analysis.
linear discriminant analysis	overfit analysis
Incidental Supervision: Moving beyond Supervised Learning.
supervised learning	incidental supervision
An Integrated Agent for Playing Real-Time Strategy Games.
playing real-time strategy games	integrated agent
A Fast Bandit Algorithm for Recommendation to Users With Heterogenous Tastes.
fast bandit algorithm	heterogenous tastes
The Complexity Landscape of Decompositional Parameters for ILP.
complexity landscape	decompositional parameters
The Automated Vacuum Waste Collection Optimization Problem.
automated vacuum waste collection optimization problem
PAC Identification of a Bandit Arm Relative to a Reward Quantile.
bandit arm relative	pac identification	reward quantile
Global Distant Supervision for Relation Extraction.
global distant supervision	relation extraction
Toward a Better Understanding of Deep Neural Network Based Acoustic Modelling: An Empirical Investigation.
deep neural network based acoustic modelling	empirical investigation
Accurate Household Occupant Behavior Modeling Based on Data Mining Techniques.
accurate household occupant behavior modeling based	data mining techniques
Human Activity Detection from RGBD Images.
human activity detection	rgbd images
Relational Partially Observable MDPs.
relational partially observable mdps
Computing Optimal Subsets.
computing optimal subsets
Automatic Ellipsis Resolution: Recovering Covert Information from Text.
recovering covert information	automatic ellipsis resolution
Across-Model Collective Ensemble Classification.
across-model collective ensemble classification
DL-Lite in the Light of First-Order Logic.
first-order logic
Proceedings of the Twenty-Second AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 22-26, 2007, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
british columbia	july 22-26	aaai conference	artificial intelligence
Automated Design of Search with Composability.
automated design
A Riemannian Network for SPD Matrix Learning.
spd matrix learning	riemannian network
Look-Ahead with Mini-Bucket Heuristics for MPE.
mini-bucket heuristics
Sensitivity of Diffusion Dynamics to Network Uncertainty.
network uncertainty	diffusion dynamics
A Robotic Weight Loss Coach.
robotic weight loss coach
User Group Oriented Temporal Dynamics Exploration.
user group oriented temporal dynamics exploration
Managing Quality of Service with Soft Constraints.
managing quality	soft constraints
A Bucket Elimination Approach for Determining Strong Controllability of Temporal Plans with Uncontrollable Choices.
determining strong controllability	bucket elimination approach	temporal plans	uncontrollable choices
Teaching With Watson.
teaching
Predicting Professions through Probabilistic Model under Social Context.
probabilistic model	social context	predicting professions
What Is Answer Set Programming?.
answer set programming
Deep Manifold Learning of Symmetric Positive Definite Matrices with Application to Face Recognition.
symmetric positive definite matrices	deep manifold learning	face recognition
Rank Aggregation via Low-Rank and Structured-Sparse Decomposition.
rank aggregation	structured-sparse decomposition
Fixed-Rank Supervised Metric Learning on Riemannian Manifold.
fixed-rank supervised metric learning	riemannian manifold
Sparse Probabilistic Relational Projection.
sparse probabilistic relational projection
From the Lab to the Classroom and Beyond: Extending a Game-Based Research Platform for Teaching AI to Diverse Audiences.
game-based research platform	diverse audiences	teaching ai
Cost-Sensitive Semi-Supervised Support Vector Machine.
cost-sensitive semi-supervised support vector machine
Unstructured Audio Classification for Environment Recognition.
unstructured audio classification	environment recognition
Action Selection for MDPs: Anytime AO* Versus UCT.
anytime ao* versus uct	action selection
Two Case Studies for Trading Multiple Indivisible Goods with Indifferences.
trading multiple indivisible goods	case studies
Automatic Curriculum Graph Generation for Reinforcement Learning Agents.
automatic curriculum graph generation	reinforcement learning agents
Fully Convolutional Neural Networks with Full-Scale-Features for Semantic Segmentation.
fully convolutional neural networks	semantic segmentation
Learning to Describe Video with Weak Supervision by Exploiting Negative Sentential Information.
exploiting negative sentential information	describe video	weak supervision
Collaborative Company Profiling: Insights from an Employee's Perspective.
collaborative company profiling
Deep Quantization Network for Efficient Image Retrieval.
deep quantization network	efficient image retrieval
PAC Optimal Exploration in Continuous Space Markov Decision Processes.
continuous space markov decision processes	pac optimal exploration
A Comparative Study of Ranking-Based Semantics for Abstract Argumentation.
abstract argumentation	ranking-based semantics	comparative study
Abductive Metareasoning for Truth-Seeking Agents.
truth-seeking agents	abductive metareasoning
Mechanism Design for Multi-Type Housing Markets.
multi-type housing markets	mechanism design
Exact Phase Transitions and Approximate Algorithm of #CSP.
exact phase transitions	approximate algorithm
The Hybrid Nested/Hierarchical Dirichlet Process and its Application to Topic Modeling with Word Differentiation.
hybrid nested/hierarchical dirichlet process	word differentiation	topic modeling
Knowing What to Ask: A Bayesian Active Learning Approach to the Surveying Problem.
bayesian active learning approach	surveying problem
Abduction with Bounded Treewidth: From Theoretical Tractability to Practically Efficient Computation.
practically efficient computation	bounded treewidth	theoretical tractability
MasDISPO: A Multiagent Decision Support System for Steel Production and Control.
multiagent decision support system	steel production
Solving Hard Stable Matching Problems via Local Search and Cooperative Parallelization.
solving hard stable matching problems	local search	cooperative parallelization
Solving Imperfect Information Games Using Decomposition.
solving imperfect information games
Biologically-Inspired Control for Multi-Agent Self-Adaptive Tasks.
multi-agent self-adaptive tasks	biologically-inspired control
On Vectorization of Deep Convolutional Neural Networks for Vision Tasks.
deep convolutional neural networks	vision tasks
Probabilistic Graphical Models for Boosting Cardinal and Ordinal Peer Grading in MOOCs.
ordinal peer grading	probabilistic graphical models	boosting cardinal
Deep Activity Recognition Models with Triaxial Accelerometers.
deep activity recognition models	triaxial accelerometers
A Comparison of Qualitative and Metric Spatial Relation Models for Scene Understanding.
metric spatial relation models	scene understanding
Saturated Path-Constrained MDP: Planning under Uncertainty and Deterministic Model-Checking Constraints.
saturated path-constrained mdp	deterministic model-checking constraints
Sharing Rides with Friends: A Coalition Formation Algorithm for Ridesharing.
coalition formation algorithm	sharing rides
Learning Relational Sum-Product Networks.
learning relational sum-product networks
Exploring Power Storage Profiles for Vehicle to Grid Systems.
exploring power storage profiles	grid systems
Elo Ratings for Structural Credit Assignment in Multiagent Systems.
structural credit assignment	multiagent systems	elo ratings
Symbolic Variable Elimination for Discrete and Continuous Graphical Models.
symbolic variable elimination	continuous graphical models
Moral Decision-Making by Analogy: Generalizations versus Exemplars.
generalizations versus exemplars	moral decision-making
Algorithmic and Human Teaching of Sequential Decision Tasks.
sequential decision tasks	human teaching
The Value of Ignorance about the Number of Players.
players
Route Planning under Uncertainty: The Canadian Traveller Problem.
canadian traveller problem	route planning
Preventing Unraveling in Social Networks Gets Harder.
preventing unraveling	social networks
A Low False Negative Filter for Detecting Rare Bird Species from Short Video Segments using a Probable Observation Data Set-based EKF Method.
probable observation data set-based ekf method	detecting rare bird species	low false negative filter	short video segments
Generating Pictorial Storylines Via Minimum-Weight Connected Dominating Set Approximation in Multi-View Graphs.
minimum-weight connected dominating set approximation	generating pictorial storylines	multi-view graphs
Calibration-Free BCI Based Control.
calibration-free bci based control
ConceptNet 5.5: An Open Multilingual Graph of General Knowledge.
open multilingual graph	general knowledge
Modeling and Monitoring Crop Disease in Developing Countries.
monitoring crop disease	developing countries
Modeling the Evolution of Knowledge in Learning Systems.
learning systems
Efficient Optimization of Information-Theoretic Exploration in SLAM.
information-theoretic exploration	efficient optimization
Uncovering Response Biases in Recommendation.
uncovering response biases
Double Configuration Checking in Stochastic Local Search for Satisfiability.
stochastic local search	double configuration checking
High-Confidence Off-Policy Evaluation.
high-confidence off-policy evaluation
Combining Compact Representation and Incremental Generation in Large Games with Sequential Strategies.
combining compact representation	incremental generation	sequential strategies	large games
Generalized Label Reduction for Merge-and-Shrink Heuristics.
generalized label reduction	merge-and-shrink heuristics
Open-Loop Planning in Large-Scale Stochastic Domains.
large-scale stochastic domains	open-loop planning
Voting with Rank Dependent Scoring Rules.
rank dependent scoring rules
Parallel Belief Revision.
parallel belief revision
Integrating Planning and Recognition to Close the Interaction Loop.
interaction loop	integrating planning
Explaining Watson: Polymath Style.
explaining watson	polymath style
Factored Models for Multiscale Decision-Making in Smart Grid Customers.
smart grid customers	multiscale decision-making	factored models
Satisfiability and Model Counting in Open Universes.
model counting	open universes
Causal Effect Identification by Adjustment under Confounding and Selection Biases.
causal effect identification	selection biases
A Single-Step Maximum A Posteriori Update for Bearing-Only SLAM.
single-step maximum	posteriori update
Inference Graphs: A New Kind of Hybrid Reasoning System.
hybrid reasoning system	inference graphs
On Covering Codes and Upper Bounds for the Dimension of Simple Games.
upper bounds	simple games	covering codes
Continuity Editing for 3D Animation.
3d animation	continuity editing
From Streamlined Combinatorial Search to Efficient Constructive Procedures.
efficient constructive procedures	streamlined combinatorial search
Improving Greedy Best-First Search by Removing Unintended Search Bias (Extended Abstract).
removing unintended search bias	improving greedy best-	extended abstract
Leveraging Social Foci for Information Seeking in Social Media.
leveraging social foci	social media	information seeking
Teamwork and Coordination under Model Uncertainty in DEC-POMDPs.
model uncertainty
Authorship Attribution with Topic Drift Model.
topic drift model	authorship attribution
Fast Newton-CG Method for Batch Learning of Conditional Random Fields.
fast newton-cg method	conditional random fields	batch learning
Multiple Kernel k-Means with Incomplete Kernels.
multiple kernel k-means	incomplete kernels
Hekateros: A Desktop 5 Degree-of-Freedom Robot Arm for the Small-Scale Manipulation Robot Chess Challenge.
small-scale manipulation robot chess challenge	desktop 5 degree-of-freedom robot arm
Integrating Rules and Description Logics by Circumscription.
integrating rules	description logics
Trust and Distrust Across Coalitions: Shapley Value Based Centrality Measures for Signed Networks (Student Abstract Version).
student abstract version	based centrality measures	signed networks
Basis Adaptation for Sparse Nonlinear Reinforcement Learning.
sparse nonlinear reinforcement learning	basis adaptation
LASS: A Simple Assignment Model with Laplacian Smoothing.
simple assignment model	laplacian smoothing
Modeling Textual Cohesion for Event Extraction.
modeling textual cohesion	event extraction
Winner Determination in Huge Elections with MapReduce.
winner determination	huge elections
Latent Semantic Learning by Efficient Sparse Coding with Hypergraph Regularization.
latent semantic learning	efficient sparse coding	hypergraph regularization
Data-Parallel Computing Meets STRIPS.
data-parallel computing meets strips
Facts Do Not Cease to Exist Because They Are Ignored: Relativised Uniform Equivalence with Answer-Set Projection.
relativised uniform equivalence	answer-set projection
Thresholded Rewards: Acting Optimally in Timed, Zero-Sum Games.
thresholded rewards	zero-sum games	acting optimally
Selectively Reactive Coordination for a Team of Robot Soccer Champions.
selectively reactive coordination	robot soccer champions
Generalised Brown Clustering and Roll-Up Feature Generation.
generalised brown clustering	feature generation
Envy Quotes and the Iterated Core-Selecting Combinatorial Auction.
iterated core-selecting combinatorial auction	envy quotes
Generalized Task Markets for Human and Machine Computation.
generalized task markets	machine computation
An Image Analysis Environment for Species Identification of Food Contaminating Beetles.
food contaminating beetles	image analysis environment	species identification
Clustering Longitudinal Clinical Marker Trajectories from Electronic Health Data: Applications to Phenotyping and Endotype Discovery.
clustering longitudinal clinical marker trajectories	electronic health data	endotype discovery
Extending the Applications of Recent Real-Time Heuristic Search.
recent real-time heuristic search
Frame-Based Ontology Alignment.
frame-based ontology alignment
A Game Theoretic Approach to Ad-Hoc Coalitions in Human-Robot Societies.
game theoretic approach	ad-hoc coalitions	human-robot societies
Planning with Specialized SAT Solvers.
specialized sat solvers
Preface.
preface
Unsupervised Learning with Truncated Gaussian Graphical Models.
truncated gaussian graphical models	unsupervised learning
Incorporating Unsupervised Learning in Activity Recognition.
incorporating unsupervised learning	activity recognition
Reactive Dialectic Search Portfolios for MaxSAT.
reactive dialectic search portfolios
Unsupervised Phrasal Near-Synonym Generation from Text Corpora.
unsupervised phrasal near-synonym generation	text corpora
Tunable Sensitivity to Large Errors in Neural Network Training.
neural network training	tunable sensitivity	large errors
Boosting for Real-Time Multivariate Time Series Classification.
real-time multivariate time series classification
Learning Bayesian Networks with Bounded Tree-width via Guided Search.
learning bayesian networks	bounded tree-width	guided search
The Meta-Problem for Conservative Mal'tsev Constraints.
conservative mal	tsev constraints
Ontology Materialization by Abstraction Refinement in Horn SHOIF.
horn shoif	abstraction refinement	ontology materialization
A Probabilistic Soft Logic Based Approach to Exploiting Latent and Global Information in Event Classification.
probabilistic soft logic based approach	event classification	global information	exploiting latent
Improved State Estimation in Multiagent Settings with Continuous or Large Discrete State Spaces.
large discrete state spaces	improved state estimation	multiagent settings
Normalizing Microtext.
normalizing microtext
Effective Management of Electric Vehicle Storage Using Smart Charging.
electric vehicle storage	effective management	smart charging
Corrigibility.
corrigibility
Constrained Metric Learning Via Distance Gap Maximization.
constrained metric learning	distance gap maximization
Approximation Algorithms and Mechanism Design for Minimax Approval Voting.
minimax approval voting	approximation algorithms	mechanism design
Enabling Dark Energy Science with Deep Generative Models of Galaxy Images.
enabling dark energy science	deep generative models	galaxy images
Bayesian Markov Games with Explicit Finite-Level Types.
bayesian markov games	explicit finite-level types
Learning User-Specific Latent Influence and Susceptibility from Information Cascades.
learning user-specific latent influence	information cascades
Uncertainty Reduction for Active Image Clustering via a Hybrid Global-Local Uncertainty Model.
hybrid global-local uncertainty model	active image clustering	uncertainty reduction
Self-Paced Learning: An Implicit Regularization Perspective.
implicit regularization perspective	self-paced learning
Solving Difficult CSPs with Relational Neighborhood Inverse Consistency.
relational neighborhood inverse consistency	solving difficult csps
Cross-Language Latent Relational Search: Mapping Knowledge across Languages.
cross-language latent relational search	mapping knowledge
Economic Possibilities for Our Children: Artificial Intelligence and the Future of Work, Education, and Leisure.
economic possibilities	artificial intelligence
On the Approximation of Instance Level Update and Erasure in Description Logics.
instance level update	description logics
Analysis of Equilibria in Iterative Voting Schemes.
iterative voting schemes
Twin Learning for Similarity and Clustering: A Unified Kernel Approach.
unified kernel approach	twin learning
Simple Robust Grammar Induction with Combinatory Categorial Grammars.
simple robust grammar induction	combinatory categorial grammars
Decentralized Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning in Average-Reward Dynamic DCOPs.
decentralized multi-agent reinforcement learning	average-reward dynamic dcops
Crowdsourced Explanations for Humorous Internet Memes.
humorous internet memes	crowdsourced explanations
Burst Time Prediction in Cascades.
burst time prediction
Solving Distributed Constraint Optimization Problems Using Ranks.
solving distributed constraint optimization problems
Identifying Meaningful Citations.
identifying meaningful citations
Predicting Structural and Functional Sites in Proteins by Searching for Maximum-weight Cliques.
maximum-weight cliques	functional sites	predicting structural
Making the Difference in Semantic Web Service Composition.
semantic web service composition
RETALIATE: Learning Winning Policies in First-Person Shooter Games.
learning winning policies	first-person shooter games
Inferring Robot Task Plans from Human Team Meetings: A Generative Modeling Approach with Logic-Based Prior.
inferring robot task plans	human team meetings	generative modeling approach	logic-based prior
Robust Policy Computation in Reward-Uncertain MDPs Using Nondominated Policies.
robust policy computation	reward-uncertain mdps	nondominated policies
Coalition Structure Generation based on Distributed Constraint Optimization.
coalition structure generation based	distributed constraint optimization
Exploiting Path Refinement Abstraction in Domain Transition Graphs.
exploiting path refinement abstraction	domain transition graphs
Addressing Complexity in Multi-Issue Negotiation via Utility Hypergraphs.
utility hypergraphs	addressing complexity	multi-issue negotiation
Analogical Generalization of Linguistic Constructions.
analogical generalization	linguistic constructions
Sparse Deep Transfer Learning for Convolutional Neural Network.
sparse deep transfer learning	convolutional neural network
Reasoning about Attribute Authenticity in a Web Environment.
web environment	attribute authenticity
Finding the k-best Equivalence Classes of Bayesian Network Structures for Model Averaging.
bayesian network structures	model averaging	equivalence classes
Detecting Change Points in the Large-Scale Structure of Evolving Networks.
detecting change points	evolving networks	large-scale structure
Non-Restarting SAT Solvers with Simple Preprocessing Can Efficiently Simulate Resolution.
non-restarting sat solvers	efficiently simulate resolution	simple preprocessing
Living Campus: Towards a Context-Aware Energy Efficient Campus Using Weighted Case Based Reasoning.
weighted case based reasoning	context-aware energy efficient campus	living campus
Topic Segmentation Algorithms for Text Summarization and Passage Retrieval: An Exhaustive Evaluation.
topic segmentation algorithms	text summarization	exhaustive evaluation	passage retrieval
PLOW: A Collaborative Task Learning Agent.
collaborative task learning agent
Strategy-Based Warm Starting for Regret Minimization in Games.
strategy-based warm starting	regret minimization
To Share or Not to Share? The Single Agent in a Team Decision Problem.
team decision problem	single agent
Exacting Social Events for Tweets Using a Factor Graph.
exacting social events	factor graph
Spatial Scan for Disease Mapping on a Mobile Population.
mobile population	disease mapping	spatial scan
Unsupervised Alignment of Natural Language Instructions with Video Segments.
natural language instructions	unsupervised alignment	video segments
Learning Step Size Controllers for Robust Neural Network Training.
robust neural network training	learning step size controllers
Detection of Plan Deviation in Multi-Agent Systems.
multi-agent systems	plan deviation
Table Header Detection and Classification.
table header detection
Human-Robot Interaction in Elder Care, Papers from the 2011 AAAI Workshop, San Francisco, California, USA, August 8, 2011
human-robot interaction	elder care	san francisco	2011 aaai workshop
Multiagent Coordination for Energy Consumption Scheduling in Consumer Cooperatives.
energy consumption scheduling	multiagent coordination	consumer cooperatives
Exploring Multiple Feature Spaces for Novel Entity Discovery.
exploring multiple feature spaces	entity discovery
NLU Framework for Voice Enabling Non-Native Applications on Smart Devices.
voice enabling non-native applications	nlu framework	smart devices
Random Composite Forests.
random composite forests
FutureMatch: Combining Human Value Judgments and Machine Learning to Match in Dynamic Environments.
dynamic environments	machine learning	combining human
Video Recovery via Learning Variation and Consistency of Images.
video recovery	learning variation
Modeling Ecological Integrity with Bayesian Belief Networks.
bayesian belief networks	modeling ecological integrity
Inferring Same-As Facts from Linked Data: An Iterative Import-by-Query Approach.
iterative import-by-query approach	inferring same-	linked data
Unfolding Temporal Dynamics: Predicting Social Media Popularity Using Multi-scale Temporal Decomposition.
predicting social media popularity	multi-scale temporal decomposition	unfolding temporal dynamics
Plan Reordering and Parallel Execution - A Parameterized Complexity View.
parameterized complexity view	plan reordering	parallel execution
Efficient Object Detection via Adaptive Online Selection of Sensor-Array Elements.
adaptive online selection	efficient object detection	sensor-array elements
Thompson Sampling for Stochastic Bandits with Graph Feedback.
stochastic bandits	thompson sampling	graph feedback
A Simple, but NP-Hard, Motion Planning Problem.
motion planning problem
SVVAMP: Simulator of Various Voting Algorithms in Manipulating Populations.
voting algorithms	manipulating populations
Large-Scale Mapping and Navigation in VirtualWorlds: Thesis Summary.
large-scale mapping	thesis summary
Confident Reasoning on Raven's Progressive Matrices Tests.
progressive matrices tests	confident reasoning
An Architectural Approach to Statistical Relational AI.
statistical relational ai	architectural approach
Decoding Hidden Markov Models Faster Than Viterbi Via Online Matrix-Vector (max, +)-Multiplication.
decoding hidden markov models faster	online matrix-vector
A Temporal Proof System for General Game Playing.
temporal proof system	general game playing
Kernelized Evolutionary Distance Metric Learning for Semi-Supervised Clustering.
kernelized evolutionary distance metric learning	semi-supervised clustering
A Minimax Robust Approach for Learning to Assist Users with Pointing Tasks.
minimax robust approach	pointing tasks	assist users
A Logical Theory of Coordination and Joint Ability.
logical theory	joint ability
Endgame Solving in Large Imperfect-Information Games.
large imperfect-information games	endgame solving
Scanpath Complexity: Modeling Reading Effort Using Gaze Information.
modeling reading effort	scanpath complexity	gaze information
Bribery in Voting With Soft Constraints.
soft constraints
A Representation Learning Framework for Multi-Source Transfer Parsing.
multi-source transfer parsing	representation learning framework
Abstraction, Reformulation, and Approximation, Papers from the 2010 AAAI Workshop, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, July 12, 2010
2010 aaai workshop
Learning for General Competency in Video Games, Papers from the 2015 AAAI Workshop, Austin, Texas, USA, January 26, 2015.
2015 aaai workshop	video games	general competency
Diagram Understanding in Geometry Questions.
diagram understanding	geometry questions
Complexity of Hedonic Games with Dichotomous Preferences.
hedonic games	dichotomous preferences
Wikitop: Using Wikipedia Category Network to Generate Topic Trees.
generate topic trees	wikipedia category network
A Rich Context Model for Knowledge-Works.
rich context model
UNDERTOW: Multi-Level Segmentation of Real-Valued Time Series.
real-valued time series	multi-level segmentation
Why Teaching Ethics to AI Practitioners Is Important.
teaching ethics	ai practitioners
CogSketch.
cogsketch
Real-Time Indoor Localization in Smart Homes Using Semi-Supervised Learning.
real-time indoor localization	smart homes	semi-supervised learning
Expected Tensor Decomposition with Stochastic Gradient Descent.
expected tensor decomposition	stochastic gradient descent
Beat the Cheater: Computing Game-Theoretic Strategies for When to Kick a Gambler out of a Casino.
computing game-theoretic strategies
A Bayesian Reinforcement Learning framework Using Relevant Vector Machines.
bayesian reinforcement learning framework	relevant vector machines
On Computing Explanations in Argumentation.
computing explanations
Sentic Activation: A Two-Level Affective Common Sense Reasoning Framework.
two-level affective common sense reasoning framework	sentic activation
Evaluating Assistance to Individuals with Autism in Reasoning about Mental World.
evaluating assistance	mental world
Model-Based Reinforcement Learning in Continuous Environments Using Real-Time Constrained Optimization.
real-time constrained optimization	model-based reinforcement learning	continuous environments
Optimizing Resilience in Large Scale Networks.
large scale networks	optimizing resilience
Teaching AI Ethics Using Science Fiction.
teaching ai ethics	science fiction
Vote Until Two of You Agree: Mechanisms with Small Distortion and Sample Complexity.
sample complexity	small distortion
Counting Models using Extension Rules.
counting models	extension rules
Computing Optimal Strategies to Commit to in Stochastic Games.
computing optimal strategies	stochastic games
Sequential Incremental-Value Auctions.
sequential incremental-
An Exact Penalty Method for Binary Optimization Based on MPEC Formulation.
binary optimization based	exact penalty method	mpec formulation
A Bayesian Concept Learning Approach to Crowdsourcing.
bayesian concept learning approach
Nonparametric Bayesian Approaches for Reinforcement Learning in Partially Observable Domains.
nonparametric bayesian approaches	partially observable domains	reinforcement learning
Exact Subspace Clustering in Linear Time.
exact subspace clustering	linear time
Evolving Compiler Heuristics to Manage Communication and Contention.
evolving compiler heuristics	manage communication
ARIA: Asymmetry Resistant Instance Alignment.
asymmetry resistant instance alignment
Fine-Grained Car Detection for Visual Census Estimation.
fine-grained car detection	visual census estimation
Improved Convergence of Iterative Ontology Alignment using Block-Coordinate Descent.
iterative ontology alignment	improved convergence	block-coordinate descent
Cost-Optimal Planning by Self-Interested Agents.
cost-optimal planning	self-interested agents
A Cyclic Weighted Median Method for L1 Low-Rank Matrix Factorization with Missing Entries.
cyclic weighted median method	l1 low-rank matrix factorization	missing entries
DARI: Distance Metric and Representation Integration for Person Verification.
distance metric	person verification	representation integration
Optimal Route Planning for Electric Vehicles in Large Networks.
optimal route planning	large networks	electric vehicles
Robust Bayesian Inverse Reinforcement Learning with Sparse Behavior Noise.
robust bayesian inverse reinforcement learning	sparse behavior noise
Walking on Minimax Paths for k-NN Search.
minimax paths	k-nn search
Unidimensional Clustering of Discrete Data Using Latent Tree Models.
latent tree models	unidimensional clustering	discrete data
External Memory Best-First Search for Multiple Sequence Alignment.
external memory best-	multiple sequence alignment
VecLP: A Realtime Video Recommendation System for Live TV Programs.
realtime video recommendation system	live tv programs
Extending Analogical Generalization with Near-Misses.
extending analogical generalization
Two Visual Strategies for Solving the Raven's Progressive Matrices Intelligence Test.
progressive matrices intelligence test	visual strategies
LPMLN, Weak Constraints, and P-log.
weak constraints
A Distributed Constraint Optimization Solution to the P2P Video Streaming Problem.
distributed constraint optimization solution	p2p video streaming problem
Making Simple Tabular ReductionWorks on Negative Table Constraints.
making simple tabular reductionworks	negative table constraints
Mechanism Design for Team Formation.
team formation	mechanism design
Mind the Gap: Machine Translation by Minimizing the Semantic Gap in Embedding Space.
machine translation	embedding space
Colorization by Patch-Based Local Low-Rank Matrix Completion.
patch-based local low-rank matrix completion
Community-Based Question Answering via Asymmetric Multi-Faceted Ranking Network Learning.
asymmetric multi-faceted ranking network learning	community-based question answering
Classification Driven Detection of Opportunistic Bids in TAC-SCM.
classification driven detection	opportunistic bids
Minimizing User Involvement for Accurate Ontology Matching Problems.
accurate ontology matching problems	minimizing user involvement
On the Complexity and Approximation of Binary Evidence in Lifted Inference.
binary evidence	lifted inference
Generalization Error Bounds for Optimization Algorithms via Stability.
generalization error bounds	optimization algorithms
Planning for Hybrid Systems, Papers from the 2016 AAAI Workshop, Phoenix, Arizona, USA, February 13, 2016.
2016 aaai workshop	hybrid systems
Cracks Under Pressure? Burst Prediction in Water Networks Using Dynamic Metrics.
water networks	burst prediction	dynamic metrics
A Sequential Decision Approach to Ordinal Preferences in Recommender Systems.
sequential decision approach	ordinal preferences	recommender systems
Marginalized Continuous Time Bayesian Networks for Network Reconstruction from Incomplete Observations.
marginalized continuous time bayesian networks	network reconstruction	incomplete observations
Representation Discovery for MDPs Using Bisimulation Metrics.
bisimulation metrics	representation discovery
Ordered Completion for First-Order Logic Programs on Finite Structures.
first-order logic programs	finite structures	ordered completion
Estimating the Maximum Expected Value in Continuous Reinforcement Learning Problems.
continuous reinforcement learning problems	maximum expected
What's Hot in Heuristic Search.
heuristic search
Auto-Annotation of 3D Objects via ImageNet.
3d objects
2-Dimensional Cellular Automata Approach for Robot Grid Formations.
2-dimensional cellular automata approach	robot grid formations
Kernelized Online Imbalanced Learning with Fixed Budgets.
kernelized online imbalanced learning	fixed budgets
Self-Reconfiguration in Modular Robots Using Coalition Games with Uncertainty.
coalition games	modular robots
Infusing Human Factors into Algorithmic Crowdsourcing.
infusing human factors	algorithmic crowdsourcing
Equality-Friendly Well-Founded Semantics and Applications to Description Logics.
equality-friendly well-founded semantics	description logics
Look, Listen and Learn - A Multimodal LSTM for Speaker Identification.
multimodal lstm	speaker identification
Fish Inspection System using a Parallel Neural Network Chip and Image Knowledge Builder Application.
parallel neural network chip	image knowledge builder application	fish inspection system
Efficient Online Learning for Large-Scale Sparse Kernel Logistic Regression.
large-scale sparse kernel logistic regression	efficient online learning
Item-Level Social Influence Prediction with Probabilistic Hybrid Factor Matrix Factorization.
probabilistic hybrid factor matrix factorization	item-level social influence prediction
Influence Maximization with Novelty Decay in Social Networks.
influence maximization	novelty decay	social networks
To Max or Not to Max: Online Learning for Speeding Up Optimal Planning.
online learning	optimal planning
Crowdsourced Action-Model Acquisition for Planning.
crowdsourced action-model acquisition
A Selected Summary of AI for Computational Sustainability.
computational sustainability	selected summary
Provoking Opponents to Facilitate the Recognition of their Intentions.
provoking opponents
Bridging Common Sense Knowledge Bases with Analogy by Graph Similarity.
bridging common sense knowledge bases	graph similarity
On Detecting Nearly Structured Preference Profiles.
structured preference profiles
An Egalitarist Fusion of Incommensurable Ranked Belief Bases under Constraints.
incommensurable ranked belief bases	egalitarist fusion
Sparse Matrix-Variate t Process Blockmodels.
sparse matrix-variate	process blockmodels
Abstract Zobrist Hashing: An Efficient Work Distribution Method for Parallel Best-First Search.
efficient work distribution method	abstract zobrist hashing	parallel best-
Rules for Choosing Societal Tradeoffs.
choosing societal tradeoffs
Plan Recognition for Exploratory Domains Using Interleaved Temporal Search.
interleaved temporal search	exploratory domains	plan recognition
Harnessing Algorithm Bias in Classical Planning.
harnessing algorithm bias	classical planning
DynaDiffuse: A Dynamic Diffusion Model for Continuous Time Constrained Influence Maximization.
continuous time constrained influence maximization	dynamic diffusion model
Learning Continuous-Time Bayesian Networks in Relational Domains: A Non-Parametric Approach.
learning continuous-time bayesian networks	non-parametric approach	relational domains
Automatic Targetless Extrinsic Calibration of a 3D Lidar and Camera by Maximizing Mutual Information.
automatic targetless extrinsic calibration	maximizing mutual information	3d lidar
Fast, Near-Optimal Computation for Multi-Robot Path Planning on Graphs.
multi-robot path planning	near-optimal computation
A Region-Based Model for Estimating Urban Air Pollution.
estimating urban air pollution	region-based model
Preference Trees: A Language for Representing and Reasoning about Qualitative Preferences.
preference trees	qualitative preferences
Relative Entropy Policy Search.
relative entropy policy search
Learning to Identify Reduced Passive Verb Phrases with a Shallow Parser.
identify reduced passive verb phrases	shallow parser
Robust Non-Negative Dictionary Learning.
robust non-negative dictionary learning
Efficient Belief Propagation for Utility Maximization and Repeated Inference.
efficient belief propagation	repeated inference	utility maximization
Bounded Forgetting.
bounded forgetting
Unsupervised Cross-Domain Transfer in Policy Gradient Reinforcement Learning via Manifold Alignment.
policy gradient reinforcement learning	unsupervised cross-domain transfer	manifold alignment
Sparse Subspace Clustering by Learning Approximation ℓ0 Codes.
sparse subspace clustering	learning approximation ℓ0 codes
Using Lookaheads with Optimal Best-First Search.
optimal best-
Handling Non-Sentential Utterances in a Continuous Understanding Framework.
handling non-sentential utterances	continuous understanding framework
Visual Saliency Map from Tensor Analysis.
visual saliency map	tensor analysis
The Activity-Based Computing Project.
activity-based computing project
TopicMF: Simultaneously Exploiting Ratings and Reviews for Recommendation.
simultaneously exploiting ratings
Consistent Knowledge Discovery from Evolving Ontologies.
consistent knowledge discovery	evolving ontologies
Dude, Where's My Robot?: A Localization Challenge for Undergraduate Robotics.
undergraduate robotics	localization challenge
Envy-Free Mechanisms with Minimum Number of Cuts.
minimum number	envy-free mechanisms
Minimal Contraction of Preference Relations.
preference relations	minimal contraction
Oversubscription Planning: Complexity and Compilability.
oversubscription planning
Leveraging Decomposed Trust in Probabilistic Matrix Factorization for Effective Recommendation.
leveraging decomposed trust	probabilistic matrix factorization	effective recommendation
SlimShot: Probabilistic Inference for Web-Scale Knowledge Bases.
web-scale knowledge bases	probabilistic inference
Webly-Supervised Learning of Multimodal Video Detectors.
multimodal video detectors	webly-supervised learning
Power Iterated Color Refinement.
power iterated color refinement
Context-Bounded Refinement Filter Algorithm: Improving Recognizer Accuracy of Handwriting in Clock Drawing Test.
context-bounded refinement filter algorithm	improving recognizer accuracy	clock drawing test
Aligning WordNet Synsets and Wikipedia Articles.
aligning wordnet synsets	wikipedia articles
Contrastive Unsupervised Word Alignment with Non-Local Features.
contrastive unsupervised word alignment	non-local features
Re-Active Learning: Active Learning with Relabeling.
re-active learning	active learning
Optimal Coalition Structure Generation in Cooperative Graph Games.
optimal coalition structure generation	cooperative graph games
Grandpa Hates Robots - Interaction Constraints for Planning in Inhabited Environments.
grandpa hates robots	inhabited environments	interaction constraints
Resource Constrained Distributed Constraint Optimization with Virtual Variables.
resource constrained distributed constraint optimization	virtual variables
Event Video Mashup: From Hundreds of Videos to Minutes of Skeleton.
event video mashup
Abstracting Markov Networks.
abstracting markov networks
SP-SVM: Large Margin Classifier for Data on Multiple Manifolds.
large margin classifier	multiple manifolds
Aggregating User Input in Ecology Citizen Science Projects.
ecology citizen science projects	aggregating user input
Artificial Intelligence for Cyber Security, Papers from the 2016 AAAI Workshop, Phoenix, Arizona, USA, February 12, 2016.
2016 aaai workshop	cyber security	artificial intelligence
IMT: A Mixed-Initiative Data Mapping and Search Toolkit.
mixed-initiative data mapping	search toolkit
Linking Social Networks on the Web with FOAF: A Semantic Web Case Study.
semantic web case study	linking social networks
Learning When to Reject an Importance Sample.
importance sample
Filtering Decomposable Global Cost Functions.
filtering decomposable global cost functions
Don't Be Strict in Local Search!
local search
Existential Rule Languages with Finite Chase: Complexity and Expressiveness.
existential rule languages	finite chase
Multi-Objective Reinforcement Learning with Continuous Pareto Frontier Approximation.
continuous pareto frontier approximation	multi-objective reinforcement learning
A Deep Choice Model.
deep choice model
Emotion Classification in Microblog Texts Using Class Sequential Rules.
class sequential rules	microblog texts	emotion classification
Collusion Detection in Online Bridge.
online bridge	collusion detection
Using Reasoning Patterns to Simplify Games.
simplify games	reasoning patterns
Relational Stacked Denoising Autoencoder for Tag Recommendation.
relational stacked denoising autoencoder	tag recommendation
Recursive Best-First Search with Bounded Overhead.
recursive best-	bounded overhead
Efficient Sparse Low-Rank Tensor Completion Using the Frank-Wolfe Algorithm.
efficient sparse low-rank tensor completion	frank-wolfe algorithm
On the Cooling-Aware Workload Placement Problem.
cooling-aware workload placement problem
Data Clustering with a Relational Push-Pull Model.
relational push-pull model	data clustering
Efficient Dependency-Guided Named Entity Recognition.
efficient dependency-guided named entity recognition
Detecting Information-Dense Texts in Multiple News Domains.
detecting information-dense texts	multiple news domains
Space Efficient Evaluation of ASP Programs with Bounded Predicate Arities.
space efficient evaluation	bounded predicate arities	asp programs
Coherent Dialogue with Attention-Based Language Models.
attention-based language models	coherent dialogue
An Interactive Constraint-Based Approach to Sudoku.
interactive constraint-based approach
The Fisher Market Game: Equilibrium and Welfare.
fisher market game
Sparse Latent Space Policy Search.
sparse latent space policy search
Active Learning with Model Selection.
model selection	active learning
Data Science for Social Good - 2014 KDD Highlights.
data science	2014 kdd highlights	social good
Nonmanipulable Randomized Tournament Selections.
nonmanipulable randomized tournament selections
Efficient Haplotype Inference with Answer Set Programming.
efficient haplotype inference	answer set programming
Empirical Game-Theoretic Methods for Strategy Design and Analysis in Complex Games.
empirical game-theoretic methods	strategy design	complex games
Scalable Algorithm for Higher-Order Co-Clustering via Random Sampling.
higher-order co-clustering	scalable algorithm	random sampling
IsisWorld: An Open Source Commonsense Simulator for AI Researchers.
open source commonsense simulator	ai researchers
A Counter Abstraction Technique for the Verification of Robot Swarms.
counter abstraction technique	robot swarms
Measuring Synergy from Benevolence in a Network Organization.
network organization	measuring synergy
Prediction of Helpful Reviews Using Emotions Extraction.
helpful reviews	emotions extraction
Revenue Maximization for Finitely Repeated Ad Auctions.
finitely repeated ad auctions	revenue maximization
AI for Data Center Management and Cloud Computing, Papers from the 2011 AAAI Workshop, San Francisco, California, USA, August 7, 2011
data center management	cloud computing	san francisco	2011 aaai workshop
AAAI-13 Preface.
aaai-13 preface
Learning from the Web: Extracting General World Knowledge from Noisy Text.
extracting general world knowledge	noisy text
Pruning for Monte Carlo Distributed Reinforcement Learning in Decentralized POMDPs.
monte carlo distributed reinforcement learning	decentralized pomdps
Ensuring Ethical Behavior from Autonomous Systems.
ensuring ethical behavior	autonomous systems
A Nonparametric Bayesian Model of Multi-Level Category Learning.
nonparametric bayesian model	multi-level category learning
Semi-Supervised Kernel Matching for Domain Adaptation.
semi-supervised kernel matching	domain adaptation
Understanding and Predicting Interestingness of Videos.
predicting interestingness
Data Quality in Ontology-based Data Access: The Case of Consistency.
ontology-based data access	data quality
Globally and Locally Consistent Unsupervised Projection.
locally consistent unsupervised projection
An Efficient Time Series Subsequence Pattern Mining and Prediction Framework with an Application to Respiratory Motion Prediction.
efficient time series subsequence pattern mining	respiratory motion prediction	prediction framework
Automatic Scoring for Innovativeness of Textual Ideas.
textual ideas	automatic scoring
Predicting the Performance of IDA* with Conditional Distributions.
conditional distributions
Bayes-Relational Learning of Opponent Models from Incomplete Information in No-Limit Poker.
opponent models	bayes-relational learning	incomplete information	no-limit poker
Believe Me - We Can Do This! Annotating Persuasive Acts in Blog Text.
annotating persuasive acts	blog text
Strategic Behaviour When Allocating Indivisible Goods.
allocating indivisible goods	strategic behaviour
CrowdSight: Rapidly Prototyping Intelligent Visual Processing Apps.
rapidly prototyping intelligent visual processing apps
Tractability through Exchangeability: A New Perspective on Efficient Probabilistic Inference.
efficient probabilistic inference
Wormhole Hamiltonian Monte Carlo.
wormhole hamiltonian monte carlo
Discriminative Analysis Dictionary Learning.
discriminative analysis dictionary learning
I Prefer to Eat ...
prefer
Fast Planning by Search in Domain Transition Graph.
domain transition graph	fast planning
Zero-Suppressed Sentential Decision Diagrams.
zero-suppressed sentential decision diagrams
Query Complexity of Tournament Solutions.
query complexity	tournament solutions
Rates for Inductive Learning of Compositional Models.
inductive learning	compositional models
Turning Web Text and Search Queries into Factual Knowledge: Hierarchical Class Attribute Extraction.
hierarchical class attribute extraction	turning web text	factual knowledge	search queries
Multi-Kernel Low-Rank Dictionary Pair Learning for Multiple Features Based Image Classification.
multi-kernel low-rank dictionary pair learning	multiple features based image classification
Organizers.
organizers
Approaches for Automatically Enriching Wikipedia.
automatically enriching wikipedia
Importance of Semantic Representation: Dataless Classification.
semantic representation	dataless classification
Integrating Community Question and Answer Archives.
integrating community question	answer archives
Achieving Privacy in the Adversarial Multi-Armed Bandit.
adversarial multi-armed bandit	achieving privacy
Crowd Formalization of Action Conditions.
action conditions	crowd formalization
Building Strong Semi-Autonomous Systems.
building strong semi-autonomous systems
Distributed Reasoning with Conflicts in a Multi-Context Framework.
distributed reasoning	multi-context framework
Cascade Subspace Clustering.
cascade subspace clustering
Generating CP-Nets Uniformly at Random.
generating cp-nets uniformly
Calories Prediction from Food Images.
calories prediction	food images
Strategy-Proof and Efficient Kidney Exchange Using a Credit Mechanism.
efficient kidney exchange	credit mechanism
The Inter-League Extension of the Traveling Tournament Problem and its Application to Sports Scheduling.
traveling tournament problem	inter-league extension	sports scheduling
On the Complexity of BDDs for State Space Search: A Case Study in Connect Four.
state space search	case study
Semi-Supervised Adaptive Label Distribution Learning for Facial Age Estimation.
semi-supervised adaptive label distribution learning	facial age estimation
A Virtual Personal Fashion Consultant: Learning from the Personal Preference of Fashion.
virtual personal fashion consultant	personal preference
Approximate Policy Iteration with Linear Action Models.
approximate policy iteration	linear action models
UbuntuWorld 1.0 LTS - A Platform for Automated Problem Solving & Troubleshooting in the Ubuntu OS.
automated problem solving & troubleshooting	ubuntu os
Where to Add Actions in Human-in-the-Loop Reinforcement Learning.
human-in-the-loop reinforcement learning	add actions
Natural Language Processing for Enhancing Teaching and Learning.
natural language processing	enhancing teaching
ASKNet: Automated Semantic Knowledge Network.
automated semantic knowledge network
Learning and Inference for Hierarchically Split PCFGs.
hierarchically split pcfgs
Imagined Visual Representations as Multimodal Embeddings.
imagined visual representations	multimodal embeddings
TODTLER: Two-Order-Deep Transfer Learning.
two-order-deep transfer learning
Multi-Agent Fault Tolerance Inspired by a Computational Analysis of Cancer.
multi-agent fault tolerance inspired	computational analysis
Extracting Relevant Snippets for Web Navigation.
extracting relevant snippets	web navigation
Infinite Plaid Models for Infinite Bi-Clustering.
infinite plaid models	infinite bi-clustering
Discover Multiple Novel Labels in Multi-Instance Multi-Label Learning.
multi-instance multi-label learning	discover multiple
Topic Concentration in Query Focused Summarization Datasets.
query focused summarization datasets	topic concentration
Modeling Users' Preferences and Social Links in Social Networking Services: A Joint-Evolving Perspective.
social networking services	social links	joint-evolving perspective	modeling users
Using Frame Semantics for Knowledge Extraction from Twitter.
frame semantics	knowledge extraction
An Improved Algorithm for Learning to Perform Exception-Tolerant Abduction.
perform exception-tolerant abduction	improved algorithm
A Cognitive Hierarchy Model Applied to the Lemonade Game.
cognitive hierarchy model applied	lemonade game
Quantitative Extensions of the Condorcet Jury Theorem with Strategic Agents.
condorcet jury theorem	strategic agents	quantitative extensions
Uncovering Hidden Structure through Parallel Problem Decomposition.
parallel problem decomposition	uncovering hidden structure
Structured Kernel-Based Reinforcement Learning.
structured kernel-based reinforcement learning
Approximate Inference in Probabilistic Graphical Models with Determinism.
probabilistic graphical models	approximate inference
Localizing by Describing: Attribute-Guided Attention Localization for Fine-Grained Recognition.
attribute-guided attention localization	fine-grained recognition
Non-I.I.D. Multi-Instance Dimensionality Reduction by Learning a Maximum Bag Margin Subspace.
maximum bag margin subspace	multi-instance dimensionality reduction
A Survey of Current Practice and Teaching of AI.
current practice
Increasing VCG Revenue by Decreasing the Quality of Items.
increasing vcg revenue
Grid Pathfinding on the 2k Neighborhoods.
2k neighborhoods	grid pathfinding
Ontology-Based Information Extraction with a Cognitive Agent.
ontology-based information extraction	cognitive agent
The Pyramid Match: Efficient Learning with Partial Correspondences.
partial correspondences	pyramid match	efficient learning
Deep Learning Quadcopter Control via Risk-Aware Active Learning.
deep learning quadcopter control	risk-aware active learning
Scalable Training of Markov Logic Networks Using Approximate Counting.
markov logic networks	scalable training	approximate counting
Latent Dependency Forest Models.
latent dependency forest models
Research Challenges in Combinatorial Search.
research challenges	combinatorial search
On Hair Recognition in the Wild by Machine.
hair recognition
OpenEval: Web Information Query Evaluation.
web information query evaluation
Multi-Agent Pathfinding as a Combinatorial Auction.
multi-agent pathfinding	combinatorial auction
Using Expectation Maximization to Find Likely Assignments for Solving CSP's.
expectation maximization	solving csp
New Lower Bound for the Minimum Sum Coloring Problem.
minimum sum coloring problem	lower bound
A Concave Conjugate Approach for Nonconvex Penalized Regression with the MCP Penalty.
concave conjugate approach	nonconvex penalized regression	mcp penalty
Modeling Trust Evaluating Agents: Towards a Comprehensive Trust Management for Multi-agent Systems.
modeling trust evaluating agents	comprehensive trust management	multi-agent systems
Collaborative Filtering with Localised Ranking.
localised ranking	collaborative filtering
Computational Urban Modeling: From Mainframes to Data Streams.
computational urban modeling	data streams
STREETS: Game-Theoretic Traffic Patrolling with Exploration and Exploitation.
game-theoretic traffic patrolling
Achieving Intelligence Using Prototypes, Composition, and Analogy.
achieving intelligence
Learning to Manipulate Unknown Objects in Clutter by Reinforcement.
manipulate unknown objects
Non-Monotone DR-Submodular Function Maximization.
non-monotone dr-submodular function maximization
Language-Action Tools for Cognitive Artificial Agents, Papers from the 2011 AAAI Workshop, San Francisco, California, USA, August 7-8, 2011
cognitive artificial agents	language-action tools	san francisco	august 7-8	2011 aaai workshop
Fixing a Hole in Lexicalized Plan Recognition.
lexicalized plan recognition
Concurrent Reasoning with Inference Graphs.
inference graphs	concurrent reasoning
New Models for Competitive Contagion.
competitive contagion
A Planning Approach to Active Visual Search in Large Environments.
active visual search	planning approach	large environments
Cross-Lingual Knowledge Validation Based Taxonomy Derivation from Heterogeneous Online Wikis.
cross-lingual knowledge validation based taxonomy derivation	heterogeneous online wikis
New Compilation Languages Based on Structured Decomposability.
compilation languages based	structured decomposability
Efficient Markov Logic Inference for Natural Language Semantics.
efficient markov logic inference	natural language semantics
SPARQL Query Containment Under SHI Axioms.
sparql query containment	shi axioms
Question/Answer Matching for CQA System via Combining Lexical and Sequential Information.
sequential information	question/answer matching	cqa system	combining lexical
Nonlinear Dynamic Boltzmann Machines for Time-Series Prediction.
nonlinear dynamic boltzmann machines	time-series prediction
Problem Formulation for Accommodation Support in Plan-Based Interactive Narratives.
plan-based interactive narratives	accommodation support	problem formulation
Semi-Supervised Learning with Very Few Labeled Training Examples.
labeled training examples	semi-supervised learning
Automated Negotiating Agents Competition (ANAC).
automated negotiating agents competition
Compiling Model-Based Diagnosis to Boolean Satisfaction.
compiling model-based diagnosis	boolean satisfaction
Towards Joint Inference for Complex Ontology Matching.
complex ontology matching	joint inference
Programming by Example Using Least General Generalizations.
general generalizations
Automatic Synthesis of a Global Behavior from Multiple Distributed Behaviors.
multiple distributed behaviors	global behavior	automatic synthesis
Transferring Naive Bayes Classifiers for Text Classification.
transferring naive bayes classifiers	text classification
The Genetic Algorithm as a General Diffusion Model for Social Networks.
general diffusion model	social networks	genetic algorithm
A Modular Consistency Proof for DOLCE.
modular consistency proof
Algorithm Configuration, Papers from the 2015 AAAI Workshop, Austin, Texas, USA, January 26, 2015.
2015 aaai workshop	algorithm configuration
Past and Future of DL-Lite.
past
Dictionary Learning with Mutually Reinforcing Group-Graph Structures.
mutually reinforcing group-graph structures	dictionary learning
A Generalized Gelfond-Lifschitz Transformation for Logic Programs with Abstract Constraints.
generalized gelfond-lifschitz transformation	abstract constraints	logic programs
Learning to Appreciate the Aesthetic Effects of Clothing.
aesthetic effects
Fully Proportional Representation with Approval Ballots: Approximating the MaxCover Problem with Bounded Frequencies in FPT Time.
fully proportional representation	approval ballots	bounded frequencies	fpt time	maxcover problem
Maximum Entropy Inverse Reinforcement Learning.
maximum entropy inverse reinforcement learning
Multi-Agent Path Finding on Strongly Biconnected Digraphs.
multi-agent path finding	strongly biconnected digraphs
Deploying PAWS: Field Optimization of the Protection Assistant for Wildlife Security.
field optimization	deploying paws	protection assistant	wildlife security
Recognition of Hand Drawn Chemical Diagrams.
hand drawn chemical diagrams
Optimal Aggregation of Uncertain Preferences.
uncertain preferences	optimal aggregation
Design and Optimization of an Omnidirectional Humanoid Walk: A Winning Approach at the RoboCup 2011 3D Simulation Competition.
robocup 2011 3d simulation competition	omnidirectional humanoid walk	winning approach
Domain-Independent Optimistic Initialization for Reinforcement Learning.
domain-independent optimistic initialization	reinforcement learning
Enhancing Affective Communication in Embodied Conversational Agents.
enhancing affective communication	embodied conversational agents
Sequence Labeling with Non-Negative Weighted Higher Order Features.
non-negative weighted higher order features	sequence labeling
Transfer Latent Semantic Learning: Microblog Mining with Less Supervision.
transfer latent semantic learning	microblog mining
A Framework for Task Planning in Heterogeneous Multi Robot Systems Based on Robot Capabilities.
heterogeneous multi robot systems based	robot capabilities	task planning
Learning to Reject Sequential Importance Steps for Continuous-Time Bayesian Networks.
reject sequential importance steps	continuous-time bayesian networks
Exploiting Task-Feature Co-Clusters in Multi-Task Learning.
exploiting task-feature co-clusters	multi-task learning
Visual and Spatial Factors in a Bayesian Reasoning Framework for the Recognition of Intended Messages in Grouped Bar Charts.
bayesian reasoning framework	grouped bar charts	intended messages	spatial factors
Hierarchical Planning in the Now.
hierarchical planning
Leveraging Fee-Based, Imperfect Advisors in Human-Agent Games of Trust.
leveraging fee-based	imperfect advisors	human-agent games
Computer-Aided Proofs of Arrow's and Other Impossibility Theorems.
computer-aided proofs	impossibility theorems
Predicting Fuel Consumption and Flight Delays for Low-Cost Airlines.
predicting fuel consumption	flight delays	low-cost airlines
ARTY: Fueling Creativity through Art, Robotics and Technology for Youth.
fueling creativity
Incentives for Strategic Behavior in Fisher Market Games.
fisher market games	strategic behavior
The Cascade Auction - A Mechanism for Deterring Collusion in Auctions.
deterring collusion	cascade auction
Integrating Programming by Example and Natural Language Programming.
natural language programming	integrating programming
Ordered Completion for Logic Programs with Aggregates.
ordered completion	logic programs
Linearized Alternating Direction Method with Penalization for Nonconvex and Nonsmooth Optimization.
linearized alternating direction method	nonsmooth optimization
Discovering Near Symmetry in Graphs.
discovering
Feature Selection Guided Auto-Encoder.
feature selection guided auto-encoder
Topological Relations between Convex Regions.
convex regions	topological relations
Towards Topological-Transformation Robust Shape Comparison: A Sparse Representation Based Manifold Embedding Approach.
sparse representation based manifold embedding approach	topological-transformation robust shape comparison
Discovering Life Cycle Assessment Trees from Impact Factor Databases.
discovering life cycle assessment trees	impact factor databases
Interactive Learning and Analogical Chaining for Moral and Commonsense Reasoning.
commonsense reasoning	interactive learning	analogical chaining
Learning Statistical Scripts with LSTM Recurrent Neural Networks.
lstm recurrent neural networks	learning statistical scripts
The Complexity of Stable Matchings under Substitutable Preferences.
substitutable preferences	stable matchings
Enabling Semantic Understanding of Situations from Contextual Data In A Privacy-Sensitive Manner.
enabling semantic understanding	contextual data	privacy-sensitive manner
Human and Computer Preferences at Chess.
computer preferences
Solving Dots-And-Boxes.
solving dots-and-boxes
Using "The Machine Stops" for Teaching Ethics in Artificial Intelligence and Computer Science.
machine stops	teaching ethics	computer science	artificial intelligence
Learning Sparse Kernels from 3D Surfaces for Heart Wall Motion Abnormality Detection.
heart wall motion abnormality detection	learning sparse kernels	3d surfaces
Unsupervised Discovery of Fine-Grained Topic Clusters in Twitter Posts.
fine-grained topic clusters	twitter posts	unsupervised discovery
Belief Functions on Distributive Lattices.
belief functions	distributive lattices
Using Convolutional Neural Networks to Analyze Function Properties from Images.
analyze function properties	convolutional neural networks
Assisting Users with Clustering Tasks by Combining Metric Learning and Classification.
combining metric learning	clustering tasks	assisting users
Learning Discriminative Piecewise Linear Models with Boundary Points.
learning discriminative piecewise linear models	boundary points
Learning Deep Latent Space for Multi-Label Classification.
learning deep latent space	multi-label classification
Document Summarization Based on Data Reconstruction.
document summarization based	data reconstruction
Circumventing Robots' Failures by Embracing Their Faults: A Practical Approach to Planning for Autonomous Construction.
circumventing robots	practical approach	autonomous construction
Abduction Framework for Repairing Incomplete EL Ontologies: Complexity Results and Algorithms.
repairing incomplete el ontologies	complexity results	abduction framework
Multi-Objective Influence Diagrams with Possibly Optimal Policies.
multi-objective influence diagrams	possibly optimal policies
Nonparametric Curve Extraction Based on Ant Colony System.
nonparametric curve extraction based	ant colony system
Exploring Information Asymmetry in Two-Stage Security Games.
exploring information asymmetry	two-stage security games
ParkUs: A Novel Vehicle Parking Detection System.
vehicle parking detection system
Pre-Symptomatic Prediction of Plant Drought Stress Using Dirichlet-Aggregation Regression on Hyperspectral Images.
plant drought stress	hyperspectral images	dirichlet-aggregation regression	pre-symptomatic prediction
On the Reputation of Agent-Based Web Services.
agent-based web services
Leveraging Wikipedia Characteristics for Search and Candidate Generation in Question Answering.
leveraging wikipedia characteristics	candidate generation	question answering
Improving Opinion Aspect Extraction Using Semantic Similarity and Aspect Associations.
improving opinion aspect extraction	aspect associations	semantic similarity
ICU Mortality Prediction: A Classification Algorithm for Imbalanced Datasets.
icu mortality prediction	imbalanced datasets	classification algorithm
Using Conditional Random Fields to Exploit Token Structure and Labels for Accurate Semantic Annotation.
accurate semantic annotation	exploit token structure	conditional random fields
Deep Gaussian Process for Crop Yield Prediction Based on Remote Sensing Data.
crop yield prediction based	remote sensing data	deep gaussian process
Resource Sharing for Control of Wildland Fires.
resource sharing	wildland fires
Fast and Accurate Refined Nyström-Based Kernel SVM.
accurate refined nyström-based kernel svm
Learning Hidden Curved Exponential Family Models to Infer Face-to-Face Interaction Networks from Situated Speech Data.
learning hidden curved exponential family models	infer face-to-face interaction networks	situated speech data
Towards Maximizing the Area Under the ROC Curve for Multi-Class Classification Problems.
multi-class classification problems	roc curve
Framework and Schema for Semantic Web Knowledge Bases.
semantic web knowledge bases
Efficient Codes for Inverse Dynamics During Walking.
efficient codes	inverse dynamics
A Joint Model for Question Answering over Multiple Knowledge Bases.
multiple knowledge bases	joint model	question answering
Personal Activity Logger with Hierarchical Activity Representation.
hierarchical activity representation	personal activity logger
The Positronic Economist: A Computational System for Analyzing Economic Mechanisms.
analyzing economic mechanisms	computational system	positronic economist
Discovering Spammers in Social Networks.
discovering spammers	social networks
Semi-Supervised Ensemble Ranking.
semi-supervised ensemble ranking
Enhancing the Privacy of Predictors.
predictors
Application for AI-OCR Module: Auto Detection of Emails/Letter Images.
emails/letter images	auto detection	ai-ocr module
Configuration Planning with Temporal Constraints.
configuration planning	temporal constraints
Finding Optimal Solutions to Cooperative Pathfinding Problems.
finding optimal solutions	cooperative pathfinding problems
Online Active Linear Regression via Thresholding.
online active linear regression
Asynchronous Multi-Robot Patrolling against Intrusions in Arbitrary Topologies.
asynchronous multi-robot patrolling	arbitrary topologies
Learning When to Switch between Skills in a High Dimensional Domain.
high dimensional domain
Randomized Adaptive Spatial Decoupling for Large-Scale Vehicle Routing with Time Windows.
randomized adaptive spatial decoupling	large-scale vehicle routing	time windows
The Opacity of Backbones.
opacity
Semantical Clustering of Morphologically Related Chinese Words.
morphologically related chinese words	semantical clustering
Budgeted Prediction with Expert Advice.
expert advice	budgeted prediction
Exploiting an Oracle That Reports AUC Scores in Machine Learning Contests.
machine learning contests	reports auc scores
A.I. as an Introduction to Research Methods in Computer Science.
research methods	computer science
A Regularized Linear Dynamical System Framework for Multivariate Time Series Analysis.
regularized linear dynamical system framework	multivariate time series analysis
Optimal Scheduling of Contract Algorithms with Soft Deadlines.
soft deadlines	contract algorithms	optimal scheduling
Combining Retrieval, Statistics, and Inference to Answer Elementary Science Questions.
answer elementary science questions	combining retrieval
Invited Talks.
invited talks
Interactive Decision Theory and Game Theory, Papers from the 2011 AAAI Workshop, San Francisco, California, USA, August 8, 2011
interactive decision theory	game theory	san francisco	2011 aaai workshop
GP-Localize: Persistent Mobile Robot Localization Using Online Sparse Gaussian Process Observation Model.
online sparse gaussian process observation model	persistent mobile robot localization
Facility Location with Double-Peaked Preferences.
facility location	double-peaked preferences
Hypothesis Exploration for Malware Detection Using Planning.
hypothesis exploration	malware detection
Multi-Agent Dynamic Coupling for Cooperative Vehicles Modeling.
cooperative vehicles modeling	multi-agent dynamic coupling
Using Plan Recognition for Interpreting Referring Expressions.
interpreting referring expressions	plan recognition
Reading Scene Text in Deep Convolutional Sequences.
reading scene text	deep convolutional sequences
Linear-Time Filtering Algorithms for the Disjunctive Constraint.
linear-time filtering algorithms	disjunctive constraint
ROOT13: Spotting Hypernyms, Co-Hyponyms and Randoms.
spotting hypernyms
Deploying CommunityCommands: A Software Command Recommender System Case Study.
software command recommender system case study	deploying communitycommands
SALL-E: Situated Agent for Language Learning.
language learning	situated agent
#hardtoparse: POS Tagging and Parsing the Twitterverse.
pos tagging
A First Practical Algorithm for High Levels of Relational Consistency.
practical algorithm	high levels	relational consistency
Learning Non-Linear Dynamics of Decision Boundaries for Maintaining Classification Performance.
learning non-linear dynamics	maintaining classification performance	decision boundaries
BattRAE: Bidimensional Attention-Based Recursive Autoencoders for Learning Bilingual Phrase Embeddings.
bidimensional attention-based recursive autoencoders	learning bilingual phrase embeddings
Improving Convergence of CMA-ES Through Structure-Driven Discrete Recombination.
structure-driven discrete recombination	improving convergence
Trajectory Regression on Road Networks.
trajectory regression	road networks
An Intelligent Battery Controller Using Bias-Corrected Q-learning.
intelligent battery controller	bias-corrected q-learning
Unsupervised Learning of HTNs in Complex Adversarial Domains.
complex adversarial domains	unsupervised learning
Convolution Kernels for Discriminative Learning from Streaming Text.
streaming text	discriminative learning	convolution kernels
Joint Word Segmentation, POS-Tagging and Syntactic Chunking.
joint word segmentation	syntactic chunking
Decidable Verification of Golog Programs over Non-Local Effect Actions.
non-local effect actions	golog programs	decidable verification
The Network Data Repository with Interactive Graph Analytics and Visualization.
interactive graph analytics	network data repository
Counting-Based Reliability Estimation for Power-Transmission Grids.
counting-based reliability estimation	power-transmission grids
Top-Down Abstraction Learning Using Prediction as a Supervisory Signal.
supervisory signal	abstraction learning
Efficient Datalog Abduction through Bounded Treewidth.
efficient datalog abduction	bounded treewidth
Optimizing a Start-Stop Controller Using Policy Search.
start-stop controller	policy search
Toward Argumentation-Based Cyber Attribution.
argumentation-based cyber attribution
Modeling Subjective Experience-Based Learning under Uncertainty and Frames.
modeling subjective experience-based learning
Capturing Difficulty Expressions in Student Online Q&A Discussions.
capturing difficulty expressions	student online
POI2Vec: Geographical Latent Representation for Predicting Future Visitors.
geographical latent representation	predicting future visitors
Improving Domain-independent Cloud-Based Speech Recognition with Domain-Dependent Phonetic Post-Processing.
improving domain-independent cloud-based speech recognition	domain-dependent phonetic post-processing
Temporal Dynamics of User Interests in Tagging Systems.
user interests	tagging systems	temporal dynamics
Multi-Task Active Learning with Output Constraints.
multi-task active learning	output constraints
Simulation-Based Approach to General Game Playing.
general game playing	simulation-based approach
Using Linear Programming and Divide and Conquer to Solve Large Games of Imperfect Information.
solve large games	imperfect information	linear programming
Partially Supervised Text Classification with Multi-Level Examples.
partially supervised text classification	multi-level examples
A Distributed Approach to Summarizing Spaces of Multiagent Schedules.
multiagent schedules	distributed approach	summarizing spaces
Contextual RNN-GANs for Abstract Reasoning Diagram Generation.
abstract reasoning diagram generation	contextual rnn-gans
Cerebella: Automatic Generation of Nonverbal Behavior for Virtual Humans.
automatic generation	virtual humans	nonverbal behavior
Proceedings of the Twenty-Seventh AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 14-18, 2013, Bellevue, Washington, USA.
twenty-seventh aaai conference	july 14-18	artificial intelligence
Comprehensive Cross-Hierarchy Cluster Agreement Evaluation.
comprehensive cross-hierarchy cluster agreement evaluation
Multiscale Manifold Learning.
multiscale manifold learning
Hybrid Inference for Sensor Network Localization Using a Mobile Robot.
sensor network localization	mobile robot	hybrid inference
Hierarchical Skill Learning for High-Level Planning.
hierarchical skill learning	high-level planning
Best-First Width Search: Exploration and Exploitation in Classical Planning.
classical planning	width search
Predicting the Importance of Newsfeed Posts and Social Network Friends.
social network friends	newsfeed posts
Finding a Collective Set of Items: From Proportional Multirepresentation to Group Recommendation.
group recommendation	proportional multirepresentation	collective set
Video Activity Recognition in the Real World.
video activity recognition	real world
A Feasible Nonconvex Relaxation Approach to Feature Selection.
feasible nonconvex relaxation approach	feature selection
SixthSense: Fast and Reliable Recognition of Dead Ends in MDPs.
dead ends	reliable recognition
Domain-Independent Construction of Pattern Database Heuristics for Cost-Optimal Planning.
pattern database heuristics	cost-optimal planning	domain-independent construction
An Experimental Comparison of Constraint Logic Programming and Answer Set Programming.
constraint logic programming	answer set programming	experimental comparison
Topological Mapping with Weak Sensory Data.
weak sensory data	topological mapping
Computing Rational Decisions In Extensive Games With Limited Foresight.
computing rational decisions	limited foresight	extensive games
Time-Delay Neural Networks and Independent Component Analysis for EEG-Based Prediction of Epileptic Seizures Propagation.
independent component analysis	epileptic seizures propagation	time-delay neural networks	eeg-based prediction
Android Malware Detection with Weak Ground Truth Data.
weak ground truth data	android malware detection
Ranking with Recursive Neural Networks and Its Application to Multi-Document Summarization.
recursive neural networks	multi-document summarization
A BTP-Based Family of Variable Elimination Rules for Binary CSPs.
variable elimination rules	btp-based family	binary csps
Fast Algorithm for Modularity-Based Graph Clustering.
modularity-based graph clustering	fast algorithm
Gaussian Process Latent Random Field.
gaussian process latent random field
ConTaCT: Deciding to Communicate during Time-Critical Collaborative Tasks in Unknown, Deterministic Domains.
time-critical collaborative tasks	deterministic domains
Fast Asynchronous Parallel Stochastic Gradient Descent: A Lock-Free Approach with Convergence Guarantee.
fast asynchronous parallel stochastic gradient descent	convergence guarantee	lock-free approach
Imitation Learning with Demonstrations and Shaping Rewards.
imitation learning	shaping rewards
An Oral Exam for Measuring a Dialog System's Capabilities.
oral exam	dialog system
Extension Variables in QBF Resolution.
qbf resolution	extension variables
Feature Selection at the Discrete Limit.
feature selection	discrete limit
Goal-Oriented Euclidean Heuristics with Manifold Learning.
goal-oriented euclidean heuristics	manifold learning
Dynamic DFS Tree in ADOPT-ing.
dynamic dfs tree
Ontology-Based Data Access with a Horn Fragment of Metric Temporal Logic.
metric temporal logic	ontology-based data access	horn fragment
Can Collective Sentiment Expressed on Twitter Predict Political Elections?
twitter predict political elections	collective sentiment expressed
Phase Transitions and Complexity of Weighted Satisfiability and Other Intractable Parameterized Problems.
intractable parameterized problems	phase transitions	weighted satisfiability
Incorporating Mental Simulation for a More Effective Robotic Teammate.
effective robotic teammate	incorporating mental simulation
Solving Distributed Constraint Optimization Problems Using Logic Programming.
solving distributed constraint optimization problems	logic programming
Reducing the Dimensionality of Data Streams using Common Sense.
common sense	data streams
Posterior Probability Profiles for the Automated Assessment of the Recovery of Stroke Patients.
posterior probability profiles	automated assessment	stroke patients
A Local Monte Carlo Tree Search Approach in Deterministic Planning.
local monte carlo tree search approach	deterministic planning
Using Qualitative Spatial Logic for Validating Crowd-Sourced Geospatial Data.
validating crowd-sourced geospatial data	qualitative spatial logic
Structure Aware L1 Graph for Data Clustering.
structure aware l1 graph	data clustering
Multi-HDP: A Non Parametric Bayesian Model for Tensor Factorization.
parametric bayesian model	tensor factorization
Heterogeneous Transfer Learning with RBMs.
heterogeneous transfer learning
Sustainable Building Design: A Challenge at the Intersection of Machine Learning and Design Optimization.
sustainable building design	design optimization	machine learning
An Unsupervised Approach for Product Record Normalization across Different Web Sites.
product record normalization	unsupervised approach	web sites
Learning Causal Models for Noisy Biological Data Mining: An Application to Ovarian Cancer Detection.
noisy biological data mining	ovarian cancer detection	learning causal models
A Unified Convex Surrogate for the Schatten-p Norm.
unified convex surrogate
Submodular Optimization with Routing Constraints.
submodular optimization	routing constraints
A Fast Spectral Relaxation Approach to Matrix Completion via Kronecker Products.
fast spectral relaxation approach	kronecker products	matrix completion
Strategyproof Peer Selection: Mechanisms, Analyses, and Experiments.
strategyproof peer selection
Integration and Evaluation of a Matrix Factorization Sequencer in Large Commercial ITS.
matrix factorization sequencer	large commercial
SAND: Semi-Supervised Adaptive Novel Class Detection and Classification over Data Stream.
semi-supervised adaptive	data stream	class detection
Conditioning in First-Order Knowledge Compilation and Lifted Probabilistic Inference.
lifted probabilistic inference	first-order knowledge compilation
An Effective and Robust Method for Short Text Classification.
short text classification	robust method
An Interaction-Based Approach to Computational Epidemiology.
interaction-based approach	computational epidemiology
Solving the Traveling Tournament Problem by Packing Three-Vertex Paths.
traveling tournament problem	packing three-vertex paths
Structured Output Prediction for Semantic Perception in Autonomous Vehicles.
structured output prediction	autonomous vehicles	semantic perception
Hierarchical Skills and Skill-based Representation.
hierarchical skills	skill-based representation
An Integrated Model for Effective Saliency Prediction.
effective saliency prediction	integrated model
Clustering-Based Collaborative Filtering for Link Prediction.
clustering-based collaborative filtering	link prediction
Fast Local Search Algorithm for Weighted Feedback Arc Set in Tournaments.
fast local search algorithm	weighted feedback arc set
A Strategy-Proof Online Auction with Time Discounting Values.
time discounting values	strategy-proof online auction
Embodied Language Processing: A New Generation of Language Technology.
embodied language processing	language technology
Two Weighting Local Search for Minimum Vertex Cover.
weighting local search	minimum vertex cover
PAC Optimal Planning for Invasive Species Management: Improved Exploration for Reinforcement Learning from Simulator-Defined MDPs.
pac optimal planning	invasive species management	simulator-defined mdps	improved exploration	reinforcement learning
Dormant Independence.
dormant independence
Adaptive Treatment of Epilepsy via Batch-mode Reinforcement Learning.
batch-mode reinforcement learning	adaptive treatment
Matching Node Embeddings for Graph Similarity.
matching node embeddings	graph similarity
Using the Web to Interactively Learn to Find Objects.
interactively learn	find objects
A Formal Framework for the Specification, Verification and Synthesis of Diagnosers.
formal framework
Planning as Satisfiability with Preferences.
planning
Value-Based Policy Teaching with Active Indirect Elicitation.
active indirect elicitation	value-based policy teaching
Optimal Neighborhood Preserving Visualization by Maximum Satisfiability.
optimal neighborhood preserving visualization	maximum satisfiability
Combining Global Relevance Information with Local Contextual Clues for Event-Oriented Information Extraction.
combining global relevance information	event-oriented information extraction	local contextual clues
Mobile Service for Reputation Extraction from Weblogs - Public Experiment and Evaluation.
mobile service	public experiment	reputation extraction
Congestion Games for V2G-Enabled EV Charging.
v2g-enabled ev charging	congestion games
Efficient Energy-Optimal Routing for Electric Vehicles.
efficient energy-optimal routing	electric vehicles
Symbolic Dynamic Programming for Continuous State and Action MDPs.
symbolic dynamic programming	action mdps	continuous state
Applied Adversarial Reasoning and Risk Modeling, Papers from the 2011 AAAI Workshop, San Francisco, California, USA, August 7, 2011
applied adversarial reasoning	risk modeling	san francisco	2011 aaai workshop
Plan Recognition Design.
plan recognition design
Gaussian Mixture Model with Local Consistency.
gaussian mixture model	local consistency
Formalizing Hierarchical Clustering as Integer Linear Programming.
integer linear programming	formalizing hierarchical clustering
Activity Recognition Through Complex Event Processing: First Findings.
complex event processing	activity recognition
Mechanism Design for Aggregated Demand Prediction in the Smart Grid.
aggregated demand prediction	smart grid	mechanism design
Learning Collaborative Impedance-Based Robot Behaviors.
learning collaborative impedance-based robot behaviors
Learning Qualitative Models by Demonstration.
learning qualitative models
Bayesian Model Averaging Naive Bayes (BMA-NB): Averaging over an Exponential Number of Feature Models in Linear Time.
bayesian model averaging naive bayes	linear time	exponential number	feature models
Privacy-Utility Trade-Off for Time-Series with Application to Smart-Meter Data.
privacy-utility trade-	smart-meter data
Identifying Important Nodes in Heterogenous Networks.
identifying important nodes	heterogenous networks
Character-Aware Neural Language Models.
character-aware neural language models
Tweet Timeline Generation with Determinantal Point Processes.
determinantal point processes	tweet timeline generation
A Bayesian Approach to the Data Description Problem.
data description problem	bayesian approach
Using Multiple Representations to Simultaneously Learn Computational Thinking and Middle School Science.
simultaneously learn computational thinking	middle school science	multiple representations
Tools for Preference Reasoning.
preference reasoning
A Bayesian Nonparametric Approach to Modeling Mobility Patterns.
modeling mobility patterns	bayesian nonparametric approach
Semi-Supervised Learning by Mixed Label Propagation.
mixed label propagation	semi-supervised learning
Teaching Classification Boundaries to Humans.
teaching classification boundaries
Diagnosing Analogue Linear Systems Using Dynamic Topological Reconfiguration.
diagnosing analogue linear systems	dynamic topological reconfiguration
A Fuzzy Set Approach to Representing Spatio-Temporal and Environmental Context: Preliminary Considerations.
fuzzy set approach	environmental context	representing spatio-temporal	preliminary considerations
Social Relations Model for Collaborative Filtering.
social relations model	collaborative filtering
Similarity Is Not Entailment - Jointly Learning Similarity Transformation for Textual Entailment.
jointly learning similarity transformation
Personalizing Your Web Services with Constructive DL Reasoning Join.
constructive dl reasoning join	web services
Grounded Fixpoints.
grounded fixpoints
A Theory of Expressiveness in Mechanisms.
mechanisms
Signals in the Silence: Models of Implicit Feedback in a Recommendation System for Crowdsourcing.
implicit feedback	recommendation system
CCRank: Parallel Learning to Rank with Cooperative Coevolution.
parallel learning	cooperative coevolution
Bayesian Neural Word Embedding.
bayesian neural word embedding
Effectiveness of Probability Perception Modeling and Defender Strategy Generation Algorithms in Repeated Stackelberg Games: An Initial Report.
defender strategy generation algorithms	probability perception modeling	repeated stackelberg games	initial report
Doubly Regularized Portfolio with Risk Minimization.
doubly regularized portfolio	risk minimization
What's Hot in the Answer Set Programming Competition.
answer set programming competition
Pairwise Relative Offset Features for Atari 2600 Games.
pairwise relative offset features	atari 2600 games
Estimating Reduced Consumption for Dynamic Demand Response.
dynamic demand response	estimating reduced consumption
Automatically Extracting Axioms in Classical Planning.
automatically extracting axioms	classical planning
Bayesian Nonparametric Multi-Optima Policy Search in Reinforcement Learning.
bayesian nonparametric multi-optima policy search	reinforcement learning
Opinion Target Extraction Using a Shallow Semantic Parsing Framework.
shallow semantic parsing framework	opinion target extraction
Scheherazade: Crowd-Powered Interactive Narrative Generation.
crowd-powered interactive narrative generation
Transfer of Knowledge through Collective Learning.
collective learning
A Monte Carlo Localization Assignment Using a Neato Vacuum with ROS.
monte carlo localization assignment	neato vacuum
Learning Complex Stand-Up Motion for Humanoid Robots.
learning complex stand-	humanoid robots
Causal Transportability with Limited Experiments.
limited experiments	causal transportability
VOILA: Efficient Feature-value Acquisition for Classification.
efficient feature-
A Compilation of the Full PDDL+ Language into SMT.
full pddl+ language
A Generalized Genetic Algorithm-Based Solver for Very Large Jigsaw Puzzles of Complex Types.
generalized genetic algorithm-based solver	large jigsaw puzzles	complex types
Model-lite Planning for the Web Age Masses: The Challenges of Planning with Incomplete and Evolving Domain Models.
evolving domain models	web age masses
Integrating Transfer Learning in Synthetic Student.
integrating transfer learning	synthetic student
Incentivizing Users for Balancing Bike Sharing Systems.
balancing bike sharing systems	incentivizing users
Global Model Checking on Pushdown Multi-Agent Systems.
global model checking	pushdown multi-agent systems
Limits and Possibilities of BDDs in State Space Search.
state space search
On Correcting Misspelled Queries in Email Search.
correcting misspelled queries	email search
Preferred Explanations: Theory and Generation via Planning.
preferred explanations
ADROIT: Automatic Discourse Relation Organizer of Internet-based Text.
automatic discourse relation organizer	internet-based text
Monte Carlo Tree Search for Multi-Robot Task Allocation.
monte carlo tree search	multi-robot task allocation
Sense Sentiment Similarity: An Analysis.
sense sentiment similarity
Neural Machine Translation with Reconstruction.
neural machine translation
Control Model Learning for Whole-Body Mobile Manipulation.
whole-body mobile manipulation	control model learning
Fair Information Sharing for Treasure Hunting.
fair information sharing	treasure hunting
Photometric and Geometric Restoration of Document Images Using Inpainting and Shape-from-Shading.
document images	geometric restoration
Coarse-to-Fine Inference and Learning for First-Order Probabilistic Models.
first-order probabilistic models	coarse-to-fine inference
Using Machine Teaching to Identify Optimal Training-Set Attacks on Machine Learners.
identify optimal training-set attacks	machine learners	machine teaching
Toward Spoken Dialogue as Mutual Agreement.
mutual agreement	spoken dialogue
Reasoning from Desires to Intentions: A Dialectical Framework.
dialectical framework
Proceedings of the Thirty-First AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, February 4-9, 2017, San Francisco, California, USA.
february 4-9	san francisco	aaai conference	artificial intelligence
Human-Aware Plan Recognition.
human-aware plan recognition
A Characterization of the Single-Peaked Single-Crossing Domain.
single-peaked single-crossing domain
Towards the Integration of Programming by Demonstration and Programming by Instruction using Golog.
demonstration
Collective Deep Quantization for Efficient Cross-Modal Retrieval.
collective deep quantization	efficient cross-modal retrieval
Learning to Uncover Deep Musical Structure.
uncover deep musical structure
Conflict-Based Search For Optimal Multi-Agent Path Finding.
optimal multi-agent path finding	conflict-based search
A Framework of Online Learning with Imbalanced Streaming Data.
imbalanced streaming data	online learning
Modeling Evolving Relationships Between Characters in Literary Novels.
modeling evolving relationships	literary novels
The Spatial Interaction Laboratory - A Distributed Middleware and Qualitative Representation for Ambient Intelligence.
spatial interaction laboratory	ambient intelligence	distributed middleware	qualitative representation
Distributed Auction-Based Initialization of Mobile Robot Formations.
mobile robot formations	distributed auction-based initialization
Detecting and Identifying Coalitions.
identifying coalitions
A Real-Time Technique for Positioning a Wheelchair-Mounted Robotic Arm for Household Manipulation Tasks.
household manipulation tasks	wheelchair-mounted robotic arm	real-time technique
Preconditioned Stochastic Gradient Langevin Dynamics for Deep Neural Networks.
preconditioned stochastic gradient langevin dynamics	deep neural networks
Latent Low-Rank Transfer Subspace Learning for Missing Modality Recognition.
latent low-rank transfer subspace learning	missing modality recognition
Multi-Objective Russian Doll Search.
multi-objective russian doll search
On the Effectiveness of Linear Models for One-Class Collaborative Filtering.
one-class collaborative filtering	linear models
Knowledge-Based Spatial Reasoning for Scene Generation from Text Descriptions.
knowledge-based spatial reasoning	scene generation	text descriptions
Continual HTN Robot Task Planning in Open-Ended Domains: A Case Study.
continual htn robot task planning	case study	open-ended domains
Open-Vocabulary Semantic Parsing with both Distributional Statistics and Formal Knowledge.
open-vocabulary semantic parsing	formal knowledge	distributional statistics
Search Space Reduction and Russian Doll Search.
russian doll search	search space reduction
Generating Event Causality Hypotheses through Semantic Relations.
generating event causality hypotheses	semantic relations
Biped Walk Learning Through Playback and Corrective Demonstration.
biped walk learning	corrective demonstration
Non-Model-Based Search Guidance for Set Partitioning Problems.
non-model-based search guidance	set partitioning problems
Embedded Bandits for Large-Scale Black-Box Optimization.
large-scale black-box optimization	embedded bandits
Predictive Exploration for Autonomous Science.
predictive exploration	autonomous science
First-Order Algorithm with O(ln(1/e)) Convergence for e-Equilibrium in Two-Person Zero-Sum Games.
two-person zero-sum games	first-order algorithm
Learning Large-Scale Dynamic Discrete Choice Models of Spatio-Temporal Preferences with Application to Migratory Pastoralism in East Africa.
learning large-scale dynamic discrete choice models	spatio-temporal preferences	migratory pastoralism	east africa
Temporal Vaccination Games under Resource Constraints.
temporal vaccination games	resource constraints
Multilinear Regression for Embedded Feature Selection with Application to fMRI Analysis.
embedded feature selection	multilinear regression	fmri analysis
An Intelligent Load Balancing Algorithm Towards Efficient Cloud Computing.
intelligent load balancing algorithm	efficient cloud computing
Analyzing Reading Behavior by Blog Mining.
analyzing reading behavior	blog mining
Landmarks Revisited.
landmarks revisited
On Interruptible Pure Exploration in Multi-Armed Bandits.
interruptible pure exploration	multi-armed bandits
Logical Generative Models for Probabilistic Reasoning about Existence, Roles and Identity.
logical generative models	probabilistic reasoning
Attention Correctness in Neural Image Captioning.
neural image captioning	attention correctness
Cross-Domain Metric Learning Based on Information Theory.
cross-domain metric learning based	information theory
Constructing Symbolic Representations for High-Level Planning.
constructing symbolic representations	high-level planning
Building a Large Scale Dataset for Image Emotion Recognition: The Fine Print and The Benchmark.
large scale dataset	image emotion recognition	fine print
Parallel Best-First Search: The Role of Abstraction.
parallel best-
Tree-Based Solution Methods for Multiagent POMDPs with Delayed Communication.
tree-based solution methods	delayed communication	multiagent pomdps
The Bernstein Mechanism: Function Release under Differential Privacy.
differential privacy	bernstein mechanism	function release
Evaluation of Semantic Dependency Labeling Across Domains.
semantic dependency labeling
Efficient Delivery Policy to Minimize User Traffic Consumption in Guaranteed Advertising.
minimize user traffic consumption	efficient delivery policy	guaranteed advertising
Enhancing ASP by Functions: Decidable Classes and Implementation Techniques.
decidable classes	enhancing asp	implementation techniques
Learning Bayesian Networks with Incomplete Data by Augmentation.
learning bayesian networks	incomplete data
The Complexity of LTL on Finite Traces: Hard and Easy Fragments.
finite traces	easy fragments
Helping Intelligence Analysts Make Connections.
helping intelligence analysts make connections
Finding One's Best Crowd: Online Learning By Exploiting Source Similarity.
exploiting source similarity	online learning
Architectural Mechanisms for Situated Natural Language Understanding in Uncertain and Open Worlds.
situated natural language understanding	open worlds	architectural mechanisms
Productive Aging through Intelligent Personalized Crowdsourcing.
intelligent personalized crowdsourcing	productive aging
Decoupling the Multiagent Disjunctive Temporal Problem.
multiagent disjunctive temporal problem
ERMMA: Expected Risk Minimization for Matrix Approximation-based Recommender Systems.
matrix approximation-based recommender systems	expected risk minimization
Efficiently Answering Technical Questions - A Knowledge Graph Approach.
efficiently answering technical questions	knowledge graph approach
Protecting Wildlife under Imperfect Observation.
imperfect observation	protecting wildlife
Anytime Anyspace AND/OR Search for Bounding the Partition Function.
partition function	anytime anyspace
A Trust Model for Supply Chain Management.
supply chain management	trust model
Complex Task Learning from Unstructured Demonstrations.
complex task learning	unstructured demonstrations
Dual-Clustering Maximum Entropy with Application to Classification and Word Embedding.
dual-clustering maximum entropy	word embedding
Large Scale Temporal RDFS Reasoning Using MapReduce.
large scale temporal rdfs reasoning
Source Information Disclosure in Ontology-Based Data Integration.
source information disclosure	ontology-based data integration
Coordinating Hundreds of Cooperative, Autonomous Vehicles in Warehouses.
autonomous vehicles	coordinating hundreds
Don't Forget the Quantifiable Relationship between Words: Using Recurrent Neural Network for Short Text Topic Discovery.
short text topic discovery	recurrent neural network	quantifiable relationship
Dynamic Concept Composition for Zero-Example Event Detection.
dynamic concept composition	event detection
The Impact of Time on the Accuracy of Sentiment Classifiers Created from a Web Log Corpus.
sentiment classifiers created	web log corpus
Kickback Cuts Backprop's Red-Tape: Biologically Plausible Credit Assignment in Neural Networks.
biologically plausible credit assignment	kickback cuts backprop	neural networks
A Unified Model for Cross-Domain and Semi-Supervised Named Entity Recognition in Chinese Social Media.
semi-supervised named entity recognition	chinese social media	unified model
Active Advice Seeking for Inverse Reinforcement Learning.
inverse reinforcement learning	active advice seeking
Interactive Categorization of Containers and Non-Containers by Unifying Categorizations Derived from Multiple Exploratory Behaviors.
unifying categorizations derived	multiple exploratory behaviors	interactive categorization
Project Scheduling in Complex Business Environments.
complex business environments	project scheduling
The Role of Dimensionality Reduction in Classification.
dimensionality reduction
Group Cost-Sensitive Boosting for Multi-Resolution Pedestrian Detection.
group cost-sensitive boosting	multi-resolution pedestrian detection
Analyzing the Effectiveness of Adversary Modeling in Security Games.
adversary modeling	security games
Efficient Evaluation of Answer Set Programs with External Sources Based on External Source Inlining.
external source inlining	answer set programs	external sources based	efficient evaluation
Tractable Algorithms for Approximate Nash Equilibria in Generalized Graphical Games with Tree Structure.
approximate nash equilibria	generalized graphical games	tree structure	tractable algorithms
Learning and Using Hand Abstraction Values for Parameterized Poker Squares.
hand abstraction values	parameterized poker squares
Closeness Centrality for Networks with Overlapping Community Structure.
overlapping community structure	closeness centrality
Extreme Gradient Boosting and Behavioral Biometrics.
extreme gradient boosting	behavioral biometrics
Towards an Intelligent Code Search Engine.
intelligent code search engine
Fast Query Recommendation by Search.
fast query recommendation
A Neuro-Fuzzy Strategy for Web Personalization.
neuro-fuzzy strategy	web personalization
Text Categorization with Knowledge Transfer from Heterogeneous Data Sources.
heterogeneous data sources	text categorization	knowledge transfer
Using Wiktionary for Computing Semantic Relatedness.
computing semantic relatedness
Parametrized Families of Hard Planning Problems from Phase Transitions.
hard planning problems	phase transitions	parametrized families
Game-Theoretic Resource Allocation for Protecting Large Public Events.
protecting large public events	game-theoretic resource allocation
Extracting Keyphrases from Research Papers Using Citation Networks.
citation networks	research papers	extracting keyphrases
Analysis-Synthesis Dictionary Learning for Universality-Particularity Representation Based Classification.
universality-particularity representation based classification	analysis-synthesis dictionary learning
Unimodal Thompson Sampling for Graph-Structured Arms.
unimodal thompson sampling	graph-structured arms
Attributes for Improved Attributes: A Multi-Task Network Utilizing Implicit and Explicit Relationships for Facial Attribute Classification.
multi-task network utilizing implicit	facial attribute classification	explicit relationships
Forecasting Uncertainty in Electricity Demand.
forecasting uncertainty	electricity demand
A Unified Bayesian Model of Scripts, Frames and Language.
unified bayesian model
Termination and Correctness Analysis of Cyclic Control.
cyclic control	correctness analysis
A New Clause Learning Scheme for Efficient Unsatisfiability Proofs.
clause learning scheme	efficient unsatisfiability proofs
Proceedings of the Twenty-Eighth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 27 -31, 2014, Québec City, Québec, Canada.
twenty-eighth aaai conference	québec city	québec	artificial intelligence
The Steiner Multigraph Problem: Wildlife Corridor Design for Multiple Species.
steiner multigraph problem	wildlife corridor design	multiple species
Achieving Master Level Play in 9 x 9 Computer Go.
achieving master level play
Multi-Label Learning by Exploiting Label Correlations Locally.
exploiting label correlations locally	multi-label learning
Asynchronous Distributed Semi-Stochastic Gradient Optimization.
asynchronous distributed semi-stochastic gradient optimization
Mean Field Inference in Dependency Networks: An Empirical Study.
dependency networks	empirical study	field inference
The RhetFig Project: Computational Rhetorics and Models of Persuasion.
computational rhetorics	rhetfig project
Parallelized Hitting Set Computation for Model-Based Diagnosis.
parallelized hitting set computation	model-based diagnosis
Systematic Exploration of Larger Local Search Neighborhoods for the Minimum Vertex Cover Problem.
minimum vertex cover problem	larger local search neighborhoods	systematic exploration
Constraint Programming for Data Mining and Machine Learning.
machine learning	constraint programming	data mining
Enabling Citizen Roboticists.
enabling citizen roboticists
Recommending Positive Links in Signed Social Networks by Optimizing a Generalized AUC.
signed social networks	recommending positive links	generalized auc
Design Concerns of Persuasive Feedback System.
persuasive feedback system	design concerns
Better Be Lucky than Good: Exceeding Expectations in MDP Evaluation.
exceeding expectations	mdp evaluation
Huffman Coding for Storing Non-Uniformly Distributed Messages in Networks of Neural Cliques.
storing non-uniformly distributed messages	huffman coding	neural cliques
Optimization and Coordinated Autonomy in Mobile Fulfillment Systems.
mobile fulfillment systems	coordinated autonomy
Gazetteer-Independent Toponym Resolution Using Geographic Word Profiles.
gazetteer-independent toponym resolution	geographic word profiles
Artificial Intelligence and Smarter Living: The Conquest of Complexity, Papers from the 2011 AAAI Workshop, San Francisco, California, USA, August 8, 2011
smarter living	san francisco	2011 aaai workshop	artificial intelligence
CLARE: A Joint Approach to Label Classification and Tag Recommendation.
tag recommendation	label classification	joint approach
What Happens Next? Event Prediction Using a Compositional Neural Network Model.
compositional neural network model	event prediction
Adverse Drug Reaction Prediction with Symbolic Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
adverse drug reaction prediction	symbolic latent dirichlet allocation
Verification of Relational Multiagent Systems with Data Types.
relational multiagent systems	data types
Algorithm Configuration Applied to Heuristics for Three-Dimensional Knapsack Problems in Air Cargo.
algorithm configuration applied	three-dimensional knapsack problems	air cargo
Mobile Robot Planning to Seek Help with Spatially-Situated Tasks.
mobile robot planning	spatially-situated tasks
Myopic Policies for Budgeted Optimization with Constrained Experiments.
myopic policies	budgeted optimization	constrained experiments
Exact Sampling with Integer Linear Programs and Random Perturbations.
integer linear programs	exact sampling	random perturbations
Multi-View 3D Human Tracking in Crowded Scenes.
multi-view 3d human tracking	crowded scenes
Commonsense in Parts: Mining Part-Whole Relations from the Web and Image Tags.
mining part-	image tags
Explanation-Based Approximate Weighted Model Counting for Probabilistic Logics.
explanation-based approximate weighted model counting	probabilistic logics
Maximum Satisfiability Using Core-Guided MaxSAT Resolution.
core-guided maxsat resolution	maximum satisfiability
Enumerate Lasso Solutions for Feature Selection.
enumerate lasso solutions	feature selection
Posted Prices Exchange for Display Advertising Contracts.
display advertising contracts	posted prices exchange
Machine Reading: A "Killer App" for Statistical Relational AI.
statistical relational ai	machine reading	killer app
An Unsupervised Framework of Exploring Events on Twitter: Filtering, Extraction and Categorization.
unsupervised framework	exploring events
Causal Inference via Sparse Additive Models with Application to Online Advertising.
sparse additive models	online advertising	causal inference
Knapsack Based Optimal Policies for Budget-Limited Multi-Armed Bandits.
knapsack based optimal policies	budget-limited multi-armed bandits
Planning in Factored Action Spaces with Symbolic Dynamic Programming.
symbolic dynamic programming	factored action spaces
Cross-Domain Ranking via Latent Space Learning.
latent space learning	cross-domain ranking
Weighted Clustering.
weighted clustering
Stability Via Convexity and LP Duality in OCF Games.
ocf games	lp duality
Spatial Scaffolding for Sociable Robot Learning.
sociable robot learning	spatial scaffolding
Solving Advanced Argumentation Problems with Answer-Set Programming.
solving advanced argumentation problems	answer-set programming
Web-Based Semantic Fragment Discovery for On-Line Lingual-Visual Similarity.
web-based semantic fragment discovery	on-line lingual-visual similarity
Intelligently Aiding Human-Guided Correction of Speech Recognition.
intelligently aiding human-guided correction	speech recognition
An Optimization Variant of Multi-Robot Path Planning Is Intractable.
multi-robot path planning	optimization variant
Deep Neural Networks for Learning Graph Representations.
deep neural networks	learning graph representations
A Schedule Optimization Tool for Destructive and Non-Destructive Vehicle Tests.
non-destructive vehicle tests	schedule optimization tool
The Impact of Determinism on Learning Atari 2600 Games.
learning atari 2600 games
An Interface for Visualization and Exploration of Spatial Distributions.
spatial distributions
Collaborative User Clustering for Short Text Streams.
short text streams	collaborative user clustering
Addressing Execution and Observation Error in Security Games.
observation error	security games	addressing execution
Scheduling Conservation Designs via Network Cascade Optimization.
scheduling conservation designs	network cascade optimization
Solving Security Games on Graphs via Marginal Probabilities.
solving security games	marginal probabilities
Efficient Probabilistic Inference for Dynamic Relational Models.
efficient probabilistic inference	dynamic relational models
Modeling Progress in AI.
modeling progress
Efficient Appliances Recognition in Smart Homes Based on Active and Reactive Power, Fast Fourier Transform and Decision Trees.
efficient appliances recognition	smart homes based	fast fourier transform	reactive power	decision trees
Computationally Feasible Automated Mechanism Design: General Approach and Case Studies.
computationally feasible automated mechanism design	case studies	general approach
Jim: A Platform for Affective AI in an Interdisciplinary Setting.
interdisciplinary setting	affective ai
Multidimensional Scaling on Multiple Input Distance Matrices.
multiple input distance matrices	multidimensional scaling
Proceedings of the Twenty-Ninth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, January 25-30, 2015, Austin, Texas, USA.
twenty-ninth aaai conference	january 25-30	artificial intelligence
Non-Negative Inductive Matrix Completion for Discrete Dyadic Data.
non-negative inductive matrix completion	discrete dyadic data
Interactive Learning Using Manifold Geometry.
manifold geometry	interactive learning
Measuring the Level of Transfer Learning by an AP Physics Problem-Solver.
ap physics problem-solver	transfer learning
Situated Conversational Agents.
situated conversational agents
Addressing Imbalance in Multi-Label Classification Using Structured Hellinger Forests.
structured hellinger forests	multi-label classification	addressing imbalance
The Law of Choice and the Decision Not to Decide.
decision
A Parameterized Runtime Analysis of Evolutionary Algorithms for the Euclidean Traveling Salesperson Problem.
euclidean traveling salesperson problem	parameterized runtime analysis	evolutionary algorithms
Efficient Clinical Concept Extraction in Electronic Medical Records.
efficient clinical concept extraction	electronic medical records
VCG Redistribution with Gross Substitutes.
gross substitutes	vcg redistribution
Local and Global Regressive Mapping for Manifold Learning with Out-of-Sample Extrapolation.
global regressive mapping	out-of-sample extrapolation	manifold learning
On the Decreasing Power of Kernel and Distance Based Nonparametric Hypothesis Tests in High Dimensions.
distance based nonparametric hypothesis tests	decreasing power	high dimensions
A Simple Polynomial-Time Randomized Distributed Algorithm for Connected Row Convex Constraints.
simple polynomial-time randomized distributed algorithm	connected row convex constraints
Axiomatic Characterization of Game-Theoretic Network Centralities.
game-theoretic network centralities	axiomatic characterization
A Unifying Hierarchy of Valuations with Complements and Substitutes.
unifying hierarchy
Combining Bounding Boxes and JPS to Prune Grid Pathfinding.
combining bounding boxes	prune grid pathfinding
TableRank: A Ranking Algorithm for Table Search and Retrieval.
ranking algorithm	table search
Multi-View Actionable Patterns for Managing Traffic Bottleneck.
managing traffic bottleneck	multi-view actionable patterns
Learning Expected Hitting Time Distance.
learning expected hitting time distance
SCOPE: Scalable Composite Optimization for Learning on Spark.
scalable composite optimization
Tree-Based On-Line Reinforcement Learning.
tree-based on-line reinforcement learning
Developing Scripts to Teach Social Skills: Can the Crowd Assist the Author?
teach social skills	developing scripts	crowd assist
Towards Large Scale Argumentation Support on the Semantic Web.
large scale argumentation support	semantic web
Trust Models for RDF Data: Semantics and Complexity.
rdf data	trust models
AI, Ethics, and Society, Papers from the 2016 AAAI Workshop, Phoenix, Arizona, USA, February 13, 2016.
2016 aaai workshop
Fast Electrical Demand Optimization Under Real-Time Pricing.
fast electrical demand optimization	real-time pricing
Asymptotically Optimal Encodings of Conformant Planning in QBF.
asymptotically optimal encodings	conformant planning
Analogical Dialogue Acts: Supporting Learning by Reading Analogies in Instructional Texts.
analogical dialogue acts	supporting learning	instructional texts	reading analogies
Task Space Behavior Learning for Humanoid Robots using Gaussian Mixture Models.
task space behavior learning	gaussian mixture models	humanoid robots
A Dynamic Window Neural Network for CCG Supertagging.
dynamic window neural network	ccg supertagging
Representations of Context in Recognizing the Figurative and Literal Usages of Idioms.
literal usages
Intelligent Agents for Rehabilitation and Care of Disabled and Chronic Patients.
chronic patients	intelligent agents
Best-First AND/OR Search for Graphical Models.
graphical models
Stackelberg Voting Games: Computational Aspects and Paradoxes.
stackelberg voting games	computational aspects
Elicitation for Aggregation.
elicitation
Multi-Agent Team Formation: Solving Complex Problems by Aggregating Opinions.
solving complex problems	multi-agent team formation	aggregating opinions
Impromptu Teams of Heterogeneous Mobile Robots.
heterogeneous mobile robots	impromptu teams
Adaptation-Guided Case Base Maintenance.
adaptation-guided case base maintenance
Optimizing Energy Costs in a Zinc and Lead Mine.
optimizing energy costs	lead mine
Learning to Recommend Quotes for Writing.
recommend quotes
Security Games with Limited Surveillance.
security games	limited surveillance
Tensor-Based Learning for Predicting Stock Movements.
predicting stock movements	tensor-based learning
A Whole Page Click Model to Better Interpret Search Engine Click Data.
interpret search engine click data	page click model
Consensus Style Centralizing Auto-Encoder for Weak Style Classification.
consensus style centralizing auto-encoder	weak style classification
Discriminative Vanishing Component Analysis.
discriminative vanishing component analysis
Stochastic Blockmodeling for Online Advertising.
stochastic blockmodeling	online advertising
Scalable Optimization of Multivariate Performance Measures in Multi-instance Multi-label Learning.
multi-instance multi-label learning	multivariate performance measures	scalable optimization
Local Search in Histogram Construction.
local search	histogram construction
Generating Explanations for Complex Biomedical Queries.
complex biomedical queries	generating explanations
Towards Analyzing Adversarial Behavior in Clandestine Networks.
analyzing adversarial behavior	clandestine networks
Monte-Carlo Simulation Adjusting.
monte-carlo simulation adjusting
Coalitional Structure Generation in Skill Games.
coalitional structure generation	skill games
Factored Symmetries for Merge-and-Shrink Abstractions.
merge-and-shrink abstractions	factored symmetries
Optimal Planning Strategy for Ambush Avoidance.
optimal planning strategy	ambush avoidance
Automatic Configuration of Sequential Planning Portfolios.
sequential planning portfolios	automatic configuration
Metacognition for Robust Social Systems, Papers from the 2010 AAAI Workshop, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, July 11, 2010
robust social systems	2010 aaai workshop
Acquiring Domain Specific Knowledge and Coreference Cues for Coreference Resolution.
acquiring domain specific knowledge	coreference cues	coreference resolution
Learning Behavior Models for Hybrid Timed Systems.
hybrid timed systems	learning behavior models
Uncertainty Propagation in Long-Term Structured Regression on Evolving Networks.
long-term structured regression	uncertainty propagation	evolving networks
Can Quadrotors Succeed as an Educational Platform?
quadrotors succeed	educational platform
Multi-Label Learning on Tensor Product Graph.
tensor product graph	multi-label learning
Locate the Hate: Detecting Tweets against Blacks.
detecting tweets
Decompositions of Grammar Constraints.
grammar constraints
ESPACE: Accelerating Convolutional Neural Networks via Eliminating Spatial and Channel Redundancy.
accelerating convolutional neural networks	eliminating spatial	channel redundancy
Journal-Ranking.com: An Online Interactive Journal Ranking System.
online interactive journal ranking system
Near-Optimal Search in Continuous Domains.
near-optimal search	continuous domains
Fast Spectral Learning using Lanczos Eigenspace Projections.
fast spectral learning	lanczos eigenspace projections
Supporting Manual Mapping Revision using Logical Reasoning.
supporting manual mapping revision	logical reasoning
Transfer Learning by Structural Analogy.
structural analogy	transfer learning
Knowledge Forgetting in Circumscription: A Preliminary Report.
preliminary report	knowledge forgetting
Symmetry Detection in General Game Playing.
general game playing	symmetry detection
Preface.
preface
Solving Goal Recognition Design Using ASP.
solving goal recognition design
A Planning-Based Assistance System for Setting Up a Home Theater.
planning-based assistance system	home theater
An Interpretable Stroke Prediction Model using Rules and Bayesian Analysis.
interpretable stroke prediction model	bayesian analysis
Semantic Web Development for Traditional Chinese Medicine.
traditional chinese medicine	semantic web development
Locality-Constrained Low-Rank Coding for Image Classification.
locality-constrained low-rank coding	image classification
Expressing Arbitrary Reward Functions as Potential-Based Advice.
expressing arbitrary reward functions	potential-based advice
Complexity Results and Algorithms for Extension Enforcement in Abstract Argumentation.
complexity results	extension enforcement	abstract argumentation
An Image Wherever You Look! Making Vision Just Another Sensor for AI/Robotics Projects.
ai/robotics projects	making vision
Scaling Up Game Theory: Achievable Set Methods for Efficiently Solving Stochastic Games of Complete and Incomplete Information.
efficiently solving stochastic games	achievable set methods	incomplete information	game theory
Delivering Guaranteed Display Ads under Reach and Frequency Requirements.
delivering guaranteed display ads	frequency requirements
Two Approaches for Building an Unsupervised Dependency Parser and Their Other Applications.
unsupervised dependency parser
UserRec: A User Recommendation Framework in Social Tagging Systems.
user recommendation framework	social tagging systems
Recognizing Complex Activities by a Probabilistic Interval-Based Model.
recognizing complex activities	probabilistic interval-based model
Real-Time Collaborative Planning with the Crowd.
real-time collaborative planning
Collaboratively-Built Knowledge Sources and Artificial Intelligence, Papers from the 2010 AAAI Workshop, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, July 11, 2010
collaboratively-built knowledge sources	2010 aaai workshop	artificial intelligence
Baby Gym For Robots: A New Platform For Testing Developmental Learning Algorithms.
testing developmental learning algorithms	baby gym
Automatic Logic-Based Benders Decomposition with MiniZinc.
automatic logic-based benders decomposition
An Intelligent Dialogue Agent for the IoT Home.
intelligent dialogue agent	iot home
Sentiment Analysis with Global Topics and Local Dependency.
local dependency	sentiment analysis	global topics
Generating Content for Scenario-Based Serious-Games Using CrowdSourcing.
scenario-based serious-games	generating content
Strong Temporal Planning with Uncontrollable Durations: A State-Space Approach.
strong temporal planning	state-space approach	uncontrollable durations
Creating a Mars Target Encyclopedia by Extracting Information from the Planetary Science Literature.
mars target encyclopedia	planetary science literature	extracting information
CiteSeerX: AI in a Digital Library Search Engine.
digital library search engine
Recovering Concept Prerequisite Relations from University Course Dependencies.
recovering concept prerequisite relations
HVAC-Aware Occupancy Scheduling.
hvac-aware occupancy scheduling
A Proximal Alternating Direction Method for Semi-Definite Rank Minimization.
proximal alternating direction method	semi-definite rank minimization
Manifold Warping: Manifold Alignment over Time.
manifold alignment	manifold warping
Activity Recognition Based on Home to Home Transfer Learning.
activity recognition based	home transfer learning
Sparse Deep Stacking Network for Image Classification.
sparse deep stacking network	image classification
Block A*: Database-Driven Search with Applications in Any-Angle Path-Planning.
any-angle path-planning	database-driven search
Scalable Planning and Learning for Multiagent POMDPs.
multiagent pomdps	scalable planning
Dynamic Action Repetition for Deep Reinforcement Learning.
dynamic action repetition	deep reinforcement learning
Direct Density-Ratio Estimation with Dimensionality Reduction via Hetero-Distributional Subspace Analysis.
direct density-ratio estimation	hetero-distributional subspace analysis	dimensionality reduction
FeaBoost: Joint Feature and Label Refinement for Semantic Segmentation.
label refinement	joint feature	semantic segmentation
Detecting Multilingual and Multi-Regional Query Intent in Web Search.
multi-regional query intent	detecting multilingual	web search
Improving Semi-Supervised Target Alignment via Label-Aware Base Kernels.
improving semi-supervised target alignment	label-aware base kernels
Making CP-Nets (More) Useful.
making cp-nets
Ordinal Constrained Binary Code Learning for Nearest Neighbor Search.
ordinal constrained binary code learning	nearest neighbor search
Context Tree Maximizing.
context tree maximizing
Predicting the Next Location: A Recurrent Model with Spatial and Temporal Contexts.
recurrent model	temporal contexts
On the Partial Observability of Temporal Uncertainty.
partial observability	temporal uncertainty
Learning Context-Specific Word/Character Embeddings.
learning context-specific word/character embeddings
Towards Practical ABox Abduction in Large OWL DL Ontologies.
large owl dl ontologies	practical abox abduction
Encoding Tree Sparsity in Multi-Task Learning: A Probabilistic Framework.
encoding tree sparsity	multi-task learning	probabilistic framework
Fast SSP Solvers Using Short-Sighted Labeling.
fast ssp solvers	short-sighted labeling
Refutation by Randomised General Resolution.
randomised general resolution
Scheduling for Transfers in Pickup and Delivery Problems with Very Large Neighborhood Search.
large neighborhood search	delivery problems
Far Out: Predicting Long-Term Human Mobility.
predicting long-term human mobility
Learning Visual Sentiment Distributions via Augmented Conditional Probability Neural Network.
augmented conditional probability neural network	learning visual sentiment distributions
POMDPs Make Better Hackers: Accounting for Uncertainty in Penetration Testing.
pomdps make	penetration testing
Asymmetric Discrete Graph Hashing.
asymmetric discrete graph hashing
The Re-Representation Problem in a Logic-Based Framework for Analogy Making.
analogy making	logic-based framework	re-representation problem
Unsupervised Large Graph Embedding.
unsupervised large graph embedding
A Deployed Semantically-Enabled Interdisciplinary Virtual Observatory.
deployed semantically-enabled interdisciplinary virtual observatory
Online Collective Entity Resolution.
online collective entity resolution
Using Correlated Strategies for Computing Stackelberg Equilibria in Extensive-Form Games.
computing stackelberg equilibria	correlated strategies	extensive-form games
Goal Recognition with Markov Logic Networks for Player-Adaptive Games.
markov logic networks	goal recognition	player-adaptive games
A Demonstration of ScriptEase Interruptible and Resumable Behaviors for CRPGs.
resumable behaviors	scriptease interruptible
Initial Exploration of Machine Learning to Predict Customer Demand in an Energy Market Simulation.
predict customer demand	energy market simulation	initial exploration	machine learning
Bounded Optimal Exploration in MDP.
bounded optimal exploration
How Long Will It Take? Accurate Prediction of Ontology Reasoning Performance.
ontology reasoning performance	accurate prediction
SoF: Soft-Cluster Matrix Factorization for Probabilistic Clustering.
soft-cluster matrix factorization	probabilistic clustering
Simultaneous Influencing and Mapping for Health Interventions.
simultaneous influencing	health interventions
Querying Sequential and Concurrent Horn Transaction Logic Programs Using Tabling Techniques.
concurrent horn transaction logic programs	tabling techniques	querying sequential
Multi-Source Domain Adaptation: A Causal View.
multi-source domain adaptation	causal view
Semantic Data Representation for Improving Tensor Factorization.
improving tensor factorization	semantic data representation
Recommending Groups to Users Using User-Group Engagement and Time-Dependent Matrix Factorization.
time-dependent matrix factorization	user-group engagement	recommending groups
Robsut Wrod Reocginiton via Semi-Character Recurrent Neural Network.
semi-character recurrent neural network	robsut wrod reocginiton
Tartanian7: A Champion Two-Player No-Limit Texas Hold'em Poker-Playing Program.
champion two-player no-limit texas hold	em poker-playing program
H-DPOP: Using Hard Constraints for Search Space Pruning in DCOP.
search space pruning	hard constraints
The Complexity of Succinct Elections.
succinct elections
Fast Generalized Distillation for Semi-Supervised Domain Adaptation.
fast generalized distillation	semi-supervised domain adaptation
Learning Ontologies from the Web for Microtext Processing.
learning ontologies	microtext processing
A Convex Formulation for Learning from Crowds.
convex formulation
SAT Modulo Monotonic Theories.
sat modulo monotonic theories
Ordering Effects and Belief Adjustment in the Use of Comparison Shopping Agents.
comparison shopping agents	belief adjustment	ordering effects
Online Multi-Task Gradient Temporal-Difference Learning.
online multi-task gradient temporal-difference learning
Identifying Unknown Unknowns in the Open World: Representations and Policies for Guided Exploration.
identifying unknown unknowns	guided exploration	open world
Crowdsourcing a Comprehensive Clinical Trial Repository.
comprehensive clinical trial repository
Approximating Model-Based ABox Revision in DL-Lite: Theory and Practice.
approximating model-based abox revision
LA-CTR: A Limited Attention Collaborative Topic Regression for Social Media.
limited attention collaborative topic regression	social media
DOROTHY: Enhancing Bidirectional Communication between a 3D Programming Interface and Mobile Robots.
3d programming interface	enhancing bidirectional communication	mobile robots
Equilibria in Epidemic Containment Games.
epidemic containment games
On Fairness in Decision-Making under Uncertainty: Definitions, Computation, and Comparison.
comparison
Recognizing Text Through Sound Alone.
recognizing text
Efficient Optimization for Autonomous Robotic Manipulation of Natural Objects.
autonomous robotic manipulation	natural objects	efficient optimization
Can Agent Development Affect Developer's Strategy?
agent development affect developer
Efficient Inference in Dual-Emission FHMM for Energy Disaggregation.
dual-emission fhmm	efficient inference	energy disaggregation
Business Event Curation: Merging Human and Automated Approaches.
business event curation	merging human	automated approaches
Agreement on Target-Bidirectional LSTMs for Sequence-to-Sequence Learning.
sequence-to-sequence learning	target-bidirectional lstms
Discriminative Semi-Supervised Dictionary Learning with Entropy Regularization for Pattern Classification.
discriminative semi-supervised dictionary learning	pattern classification	entropy regularization
Non-Linear Similarity Learning for Compositionality.
non-linear similarity learning
Strategic Voting and Strategic Candidacy.
strategic candidacy	strategic voting
Revenue Monotonicity in Combinatorial Auctions.
combinatorial auctions	revenue monotonicity
Action-Space Partitioning for Planning.
action-space partitioning
Comparing Agents' Success against People in Security Domains.
comparing agents	security domains
On a Noun-Driven Syntactic Paradigm.
noun-driven syntactic paradigm
Breaking Value Symmetry.
breaking
Optimal Subset Selection for Active Learning.
optimal subset selection	active learning
Effective Bilingual Constraints for Semi-Supervised Learning of Named Entity Recognizers.
named entity recognizers	effective bilingual constraints	semi-supervised learning
Role-Aware Conformity Modeling and Analysis in Social Networks.
role-aware conformity modeling	social networks
Intelligent Advice Provisioning for Repeated Interaction.
intelligent advice provisioning	repeated interaction
Optimizing Personalized Email Filtering Thresholds to Mitigate Sequential Spear Phishing Attacks.
mitigate sequential spear phishing attacks	optimizing personalized email filtering thresholds
A Personalized Interest-Forgetting Markov Model for Recommendations.
personalized interest-forgetting markov model
Informed Lifting for Message-Passing.
informed lifting
Efficient Ordered Combinatorial Semi-Bandits for Whole-Page Recommendation.
efficient ordered combinatorial semi-bandits	whole-page recommendation
Separators and Adjustment Sets in Markov Equivalent DAGs.
markov equivalent dags	adjustment sets
Transfer Learning in Collaborative Filtering with Uncertain Ratings.
uncertain ratings	transfer learning	collaborative filtering
On Order-Constrained Transitive Distance Clustering.
order-constrained transitive distance clustering
Mining Translations of Web Queries from Web Click-through Data.
web queries	web click-	mining translations
Taming the Matthew Effect in Online Markets with Social Influence.
online markets	social influence	matthew effect
Weighted A* Algorithms for Unsupervised Feature Selection with Provable Bounds on Suboptimality.
unsupervised feature selection	provable bounds
Effect of Spatial Pooler Initialization on Column Activity in Hierarchical Temporal Memory.
spatial pooler initialization	hierarchical temporal memory	column activity
Hashtag-Based Sub-Event Discovery Using Mutually Generative LDA in Twitter.
hashtag-based sub-event discovery	mutually generative lda
An Algebraic Prolog for Reasoning about Possible Worlds.
algebraic prolog
Scaling Up: Solving POMDPs through Value Based Clustering.
solving pomdps	based clustering
Point-Based Policy Iteration.
point-based policy iteration
Hidden Market Design.
hidden market design
Continuous Conditional Random Fields for Efficient Regression in Large Fully Connected Graphs.
large fully connected graphs	continuous conditional random fields	efficient regression
Fredholm Multiple Kernel Learning for Semi-Supervised Domain Adaptation.
fredholm multiple kernel learning	semi-supervised domain adaptation
Sparse Learning for Stochastic Composite Optimization.
stochastic composite optimization	sparse learning
Near-Optimal Active Learning of Multi-Output Gaussian Processes.
near-optimal active learning	multi-output gaussian processes
Proceedings of the Twenty-Fourth AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence, AAAI 2010, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, July 11-15, 2010
twenty-fourth aaai conference	july 11-15	artificial intelligence
Experiments on Visual Information Extraction with the Faces of Wikipedia.
visual information extraction
Approximating Optimal Social Choice under Metric Preferences.
approximating optimal social choice	metric preferences
A Distributed Algorithm for Optimising over Pure Strategy Nash Equilibria.
pure strategy nash equilibria	distributed algorithm
RAO*: An Algorithm for Chance-Constrained POMDP's.
chance-constrained pomdp
Multiwinner Analogues of the Plurality Rule: Axiomatic and Algorithmic Perspectives.
algorithmic perspectives	multiwinner analogues	plurality rule
A Hybrid Approach of Classifier and Clustering for Solving the Missing Node Problem.
missing node problem	hybrid approach
Bayesian Unification of Sound Source Localization and Separation with Permutation Resolution.
sound source localization	bayesian unification	permutation resolution
Abstraction in Predictive State Representations.
predictive state representations
Visually Interpreting Names as Demographic Attributes by Exploiting Click-Through Data.
visually interpreting names	demographic attributes	exploiting click-
Automatic Summary Generation for Scientific Data Charts.
automatic summary generation	scientific data charts
Approximate K-Means++ in Sublinear Time.
sublinear time	approximate k-means++
Temporal and Social Context Based Burst Detection from Folksonomies.
social context based burst detection
Collaborative Dynamic Sparse Topic Regression with User Profile Evolution for Item Recommendation.
collaborative dynamic sparse topic regression	user profile evolution	item recommendation
A Knowledge Compilation Map for Ordered Real-Valued Decision Diagrams.
ordered real-valued decision diagrams	knowledge compilation map
Model AI Assignments 2016.
model ai assignments 2016
Design and Experiment of a Collaborative Planning Service for NetCentric International Brigade Command.
netcentric international brigade command	collaborative planning service
Pre-Trained Multi-View Word Embedding Using Two-Side Neural Network.
pre-trained multi-view word embedding	two-side neural network
Pathway Specification and Comparative Queries: A High Level Language with Petri Net Semantics.
petri net semantics	high level language	comparative queries	pathway specification
Adaptive Step-Size for Online Temporal Difference Learning.
online temporal difference learning	adaptive step-size
Sparse Projections over Graph.
sparse projections
Flexible Model Induction through Heuristic Process Discovery.
heuristic process discovery	flexible model induction
Collaborative Expert Portfolio Management.
collaborative expert portfolio management
The Deployment-to-Saturation Ratio in Security Games.
deployment-to-saturation ratio	security games
Inside Out: Two Jointly Predictive Models for Word Representations and Phrase Representations.
jointly predictive models	word representations	phrase representations
General Bounds on Satisfiability Thresholds for Random CSPs via Fourier Analysis.
random csps	fourier analysis	satisfiability thresholds	general bounds
A Network View of Human Ingestion and Health: Instrumental Artificial Intelligence.
instrumental artificial intelligence	network view	human ingestion
A Syntax-Independent Approach to Forgetting in Disjunctive Logic Programs.
disjunctive logic programs	syntax-independent approach
Identifying Domain-Dependent Influential Microblog Users: A Post-Feature Based Approach.
identifying domain-dependent influential microblog users	post-feature based approach
Little Is Much: Bridging Cross-Platform Behaviors through Overlapped Crowds.
bridging cross-platform behaviors	overlapped crowds
Dynamic Optimization of Landscape Connectivity Embedding Spatial-Capture-Recapture Information.
landscape connectivity embedding spatial-capture-recapture information	dynamic optimization
Data Clustering by Laplacian Regularized L1-Graph.
laplacian regularized l1-graph	data clustering
An Improved Lower Bound for Bayesian Network Structure Learning.
bayesian network structure learning	improved lower bound
Human-Robot Collaboration for Remote Surveillance.
human-robot collaboration	remote surveillance
An Online Spectral Learning Algorithm for Partially Observable Nonlinear Dynamical Systems.
partially observable nonlinear dynamical systems	online spectral learning algorithm
SAT-Based Strategy Extraction in Reachability Games.
sat-based strategy extraction	reachability games
Non-Linear Regression for Bag-of-Words Data via Gaussian Process Latent Variable Set Model.
gaussian process latent variable set model	non-linear regression	bag-of-words data
First-Order Logic with Counting for General Game Playing.
general game playing	first-order logic
Collaborative Users' Brand Preference Mining across Multiple Domains from Implicit Feedbacks.
brand preference mining	collaborative users	multiple domains	implicit feedbacks
Instance-Based Domain Adaptation in NLP via In-Target-Domain Logistic Approximation.
in-target-domain logistic approximation	instance-based domain adaptation
Optimal Metric Planning with State Sets in Automata Representation.
optimal metric planning	state sets	automata representation
Price Evolution in a Continuous Double Auction Prediction Market With a Scoring-Rule Based Market Maker.
continuous double auction prediction market	scoring-rule based market maker	price evolution
Facial Age Estimation by Learning from Label Distributions.
facial age estimation	label distributions
DISCO: Describing Images Using Scene Contexts and Objects.
describing images	scene contexts
Ensemble Classification for Relational Domains.
ensemble classification	relational domains
Computational Sustainability, Papers from the 2015 AAAI Workshop, Austin, Texas, USA, January 26, 2015.
2015 aaai workshop	computational sustainability
Representing Preferences Among Sets.
representing preferences
Discovering Multivariate Motifs using Subsequence Density Estimation and Greedy Mixture Learning.
discovering multivariate motifs	subsequence density estimation	greedy mixture learning
Learning to REDUCE: A Reduced Electricity Consumption Prediction Ensemble.
reduced electricity consumption prediction ensemble
Uncorrelated Lasso.
uncorrelated lasso
Ontology-Mediated Queries for Probabilistic Databases.
probabilistic databases	ontology-mediated queries
On Dataless Hierarchical Text Classification.
dataless hierarchical text classification
Continual Planning in Golog.
continual planning
Latent Smooth Skeleton Embedding.
latent smooth skeleton embedding
Tactical Language and Culture Training Systems: Using Artificial Intelligence to Teach Foreign Languages and Cultures.
culture training systems	teach foreign languages	tactical language	artificial intelligence
A Variance Analysis for POMDP Policy Evaluation.
pomdp policy evaluation	variance analysis
Spectral Label Refinement for Noisy and Missing Text Labels.
spectral label refinement	missing text labels
Transferring Localization Models over Time.
transferring localization models
An Integrated Development Environment and Architecture for Soar-Based Agents.
integrated development environment	soar-based agents
A Generalized Stochastic Variational Bayesian Hyperparameter Learning Framework for Sparse Spectrum Gaussian Process Regression.
generalized stochastic variational bayesian hyperparameter learning framework	sparse spectrum gaussian process regression
Incorporating Knowledge Graph Embeddings into Topic Modeling.
incorporating knowledge graph embeddings	topic modeling
Never-Ending Learning.
never-ending learning
Incentivising Monitoring in Open Normative Systems.
open normative systems	incentivising monitoring
A Temporal Motif Mining Approach to Unsupervised Energy Disaggregation: Applications to Residential and Commercial Buildings.
temporal motif mining approach	unsupervised energy disaggregation	commercial buildings
MapReduce Lifting for Belief Propagation.
mapreduce lifting	belief propagation
Simple Robots with Minimal Sensing: From Local Visibility to Global Geometry.
global geometry	local visibility	simple robots	minimal sensing
Conventional Machine Learning for Social Choice.
conventional machine learning	social choice
Relation Extraction from Wikipedia Using Subtree Mining.
subtree mining	relation extraction
Engineering Agreement: The Naming Game with Asymmetric and Heterogeneous Agents.
naming game	engineering agreement	heterogeneous agents
Machine Learning for Computational Psychology.
computational psychology	machine learning
Exclusion Method for Finding Nash Equilibrium in Multiplayer Games.
finding nash equilibrium	multiplayer games	exclusion method
Structured Possibilistic Planning Using Decision Diagrams.
structured possibilistic planning	decision diagrams
Medical Treatment Conflict Resolving in Answer Set Programming.
medical treatment conflict resolving	answer set programming
Contextually-Based Utility: An Appraisal-Based Approach at Modeling Framing and Decisions.
contextually-based utility	appraisal-based approach	modeling framing
Factored MCTS for Large Scale Stochastic Planning.
large scale stochastic planning	factored mcts
Classification with Minimax Distance Measures.
minimax distance measures
Visibility Induction for Discretized Pursuit-Evasion Games.
discretized pursuit-evasion games	visibility induction
On the Transitivity of Hypernym-Hyponym Relations in Data-Driven Lexical Taxonomies.
data-driven lexical taxonomies	hypernym-hyponym relations
Discriminative Feature Grouping.
discriminative feature grouping
On Heterogeneous Machine Learning Ensembles for Wind Power Prediction.
heterogeneous machine learning ensembles	wind power prediction
Fast ADMM Algorithm for Distributed Optimization with Adaptive Penalty.
fast admm algorithm	distributed optimization	adaptive penalty
In-the-Dark Network Traffic Classification Using Support Vector Machines.
in-the-dark network traffic classification	support vector machines
A New Algorithm for Weighted Partial MaxSAT.
weighted partial maxsat
On the Use of Prime Implicates in Conformant Planning.
prime implicates	conformant planning
TONIC: Target Oriented Network Intelligence Collection for the Social Web.
target oriented network intelligence collection	social web
Action-Based Alternating Transition Systems for Arguments about Action.
action-based alternating transition systems
FACES: Diversity-Aware Entity Summarization Using Incremental Hierarchical Conceptual Clustering.
incremental hierarchical conceptual clustering	diversity-aware entity summarization
Automated Data Extraction Using Predictive Program Synthesis.
automated data extraction	predictive program synthesis
Towards Population Scale Activity Recognition: A Framework for Handling Data Diversity.
population scale activity recognition	handling data diversity
EDDIE: An Embodied AI System for Research and Intervention for Individuals with ASD.
embodied ai system
Red-Black Relaxed Plan Heuristics.
red-black relaxed plan heuristics
Learning Scripts as Hidden Markov Models.
hidden markov models	learning scripts
Learning to Predict Opinion Share in Social Networks.
predict opinion share	social networks
A Novel Method for Mining Semantics from Patterns over ECG Data.
mining semantics	ecg data
Self-Aware Traffic Route Planning.
self-aware traffic route planning
Toward Mobile Robots Reasoning Like Humans.
mobile robots reasoning
Betting Strategies, Market Selection, and the Wisdom of Crowds.
betting strategies	market selection
Age of Exposure: A Model of Word Learning.
word learning
MIP-Nets: Enabling Information Sharing in Loosely-Coupled Teamwork.
enabling information sharing	loosely-coupled teamwork
Automatic Identification of Conceptual Metaphors With Limited Knowledge.
automatic identification	limited knowledge	conceptual metaphors
Fast and Exact Top-k Algorithm for PageRank.
exact top-
Low-Rank Similarity Metric Learning in High Dimensions.
low-rank similarity metric learning	high dimensions
Multi-View Point Registration via Alternating Optimization.
multi-view point registration	alternating optimization
Stochastic Model Predictive Controller for the Integration of Building Use and Temperature Regulation.
stochastic model predictive controller	temperature regulation
Leveraging Common Structure to Improve Prediction across Related Datasets.
leveraging common structure	related datasets	improve prediction
Learning with Augmented Class by Exploiting Unlabeled Data.
exploiting unlabeled data	augmented class
Cornhole: A Widely-Accessible AI Robotics Task.
widely-accessible ai robotics task
Interdependent Multi-Issue Negotiation for Energy Exchange in Remote Communities.
interdependent multi-issue negotiation	energy exchange	remote communities
A Benchmarking Tool for the International Climate Negotiations.
international climate negotiations	benchmarking tool
RoboCup@Home - Benchmarking Domestic Service Robots.
benchmarking domestic service robots	robocup@home
An Investigation into Computational Recognition of Children's Jokes.
computational recognition
Forecasting Potential Diabetes Complications.
forecasting potential diabetes complications
A Fast Data Collection and Augmentation Procedure for Object Recognition.
fast data collection	augmentation procedure	object recognition
Argument Mining from Speech: Detecting Claims in Political Debates.
political debates	argument mining	detecting claims
Synthesis of Geometry Proof Problems.
geometry proof problems
Learning Simulation Control in General Game-Playing Agents.
general game-playing agents	learning simulation control
Turkomatic: Automatic, Recursive Task and Workflow Design for Mechanical Turk.
workflow design	mechanical turk	recursive task
Markov Network Structure Learning: A Randomized Feature Generation Approach.
markov network structure learning	randomized feature generation approach
Short Text Representation for Detecting Churn in Microblogs.
short text representation	detecting churn
Intrinsic Chess Ratings.
intrinsic chess ratings
Avoiding Plagiarism in Markov Sequence Generation.
markov sequence generation	avoiding plagiarism
Online Group Feature Selection from Feature Streams.
online group feature selection	feature streams
Low-Rank Factorization of Determinantal Point Processes.
determinantal point processes	low-rank factorization
Determining Relative Airport Threats from News and Social Media.
determining relative airport threats	social media
Achieving Sustainable Cooperation in Generalized Prisoner's Dilemma with Observation Errors.
achieving sustainable cooperation	observation errors	generalized prisoner
Affective Personalization of a Social Robot Tutor for Children's Second Language Skills.
social robot tutor	affective personalization	language skills
Agent Organized Networks Redux.
agent organized networks redux
Subchloroplast Location Prediction via Homolog Knowledge Transfer and Feature Selection.
homolog knowledge transfer	subchloroplast location prediction	feature selection
Agent Influence as a Predictor of Difficulty for Decentralized Problem-Solving.
agent influence	decentralized problem-solving
SAT-to-SAT: Declarative Extension of SAT Solvers with New Propagators.
declarative extension	sat solvers
Risk Based Optimization for Improving Emergency Medical Systems.
improving emergency medical systems	risk based optimization
Cooperating with Unknown Teammates in Complex Domains: A Robot Soccer Case Study of Ad Hoc Teamwork.
robot soccer case study	ad hoc teamwork	unknown teammates	complex domains
Submodular Surrogates for Value of Information.
submodular surrogates
Mixed Observability Predictive State Representations.
mixed observability predictive state representations
PulaCloud: Using Human Computation to Enable Development at the Bottom of the Economic Ladder.
enable development	economic ladder	human computation
Single Document Keyphrase Extraction Using Neighborhood Knowledge.
single document keyphrase extraction	neighborhood knowledge
Filtering Algorithms Based on the Word-RAM Model.
filtering algorithms based	word-ram model
Aligned Scene Modeling of a Robot's Vista Space - An Evaluation.
aligned scene modeling	vista space
ILP-Based Reasoning for Weighted Abduction.
weighted abduction	ilp-based reasoning
Classical Planning Algorithms on the Atari Video Games.
classical planning algorithms	atari video games
Distant Supervision for Relation Extraction with Sentence-Level Attention and Entity Descriptions.
sentence-level attention	distant supervision	relation extraction	entity descriptions
Adding Default Attributes to EL++.
adding default attributes
Automated Volumetric Intravascular Plaque Classification Using Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT).
automated volumetric intravascular plaque classification	optical coherence tomography
What's the Right Price? Pricing Tasks for Finishing on Time.
pricing tasks
Cognitive Master Teacher.
cognitive master teacher
Truncated Approximate Dynamic Programming with Task-Dependent Terminal Value.
truncated approximate dynamic programming	task-dependent terminal
Pattern Discovery in Protein Networks Reveals High-Confidence Predictions of Novel Interactions.
protein networks reveals high-confidence predictions	pattern discovery
A Decentralised Coordination Algorithm for Mobile Sensors.
decentralised coordination algorithm	mobile sensors
Backdoor Trees.
backdoor trees
Reciprocal Preference Model for Two Player Dilemma Games.
player dilemma games	reciprocal preference model
A Multiarmed Bandit Incentive Mechanism for Crowdsourcing Demand Response in Smart Grids.
multiarmed bandit incentive mechanism	crowdsourcing demand response	smart grids
Progression of Decomposed Situation Calculus Theories.
decomposed situation calculus theories
Hierarchical Modeling to Facilitate Personalized Word Prediction for Dialogue.
facilitate personalized word prediction	hierarchical modeling
Inconsistent Heuristics.
inconsistent heuristics
Approximation of Lorenz-Optimal Solutions in Multiobjective Markov Decision Processes.
multiobjective markov decision processes	lorenz-optimal solutions
Semantic Community Identification in Large Attribute Networks.
large attribute networks	semantic community identification
Approximate Query Answering in Locally Closed Databases.
locally closed databases	approximate query answering
Probabilistic Programming for Planning Problems.
planning problems	probabilistic programming
BabelRelate! A Joint Multilingual Approach to Computing Semantic Relatedness.
computing semantic relatedness	joint multilingual approach
A Convex Formulation for Spectral Shrunk Clustering.
spectral shrunk clustering	convex formulation
Incremental Learning Framework for Indoor Scene Recognition.
incremental learning framework	indoor scene recognition
WOLFE: Strength Reduction and Approximate Programming for Probabilistic Programming.
approximate programming	strength reduction	probabilistic programming
Improving the Performance of Consistency Algorithms by Localizing and Bolstering Propagation in a Tree Decomposition.
tree decomposition	bolstering propagation	consistency algorithms
OFFER: Off-Environment Reinforcement Learning.
off-environment reinforcement learning
Prioritization of Domain-Specific Web Information Extraction.
domain-specific web information extraction
SMT-Based Reasoning for Uncertain Hybrid Domains.
uncertain hybrid domains	smt-based reasoning
User-Controllable Learning of Location Privacy Policies With Gaussian Mixture Models.
gaussian mixture models	location privacy policies	user-controllable learning
SAT Encodings for Distance-Based Belief Merging Operators.
distance-based belief merging operators	sat encodings
Aligning Mixed Manifolds.
aligning mixed manifolds
Soft and Cost MDD Propagators.
cost mdd propagators
Graphical Representation of Assumption-Based Argumentation.
assumption-based argumentation	graphical representation
Adaptive Transfer Learning.
adaptive transfer learning
Efficient Computation of Emergent Equilibrium in Agent-Based Simulation.
efficient computation	agent-based simulation	emergent equilibrium
The Implementation of a Planning and Scheduling Architecture for Multiple Robots Assisting Multiple Users in a Retirement Home Setting.
multiple robots assisting multiple users	retirement home setting	scheduling architecture
Magic Sets for Data Integration.
data integration	magic sets
The Linearization of Belief Propagation on Pairwise Markov Random Fields.
pairwise markov random fields	belief propagation
Automating Collusion Detection in Sequential Games.
automating collusion detection	sequential games
A Model for Aggregating Contributions of Synergistic Crowdsourcing Workflows.
synergistic crowdsourcing workflows	aggregating contributions
Nash Stability in Social Distance Games.
social distance games	nash stability
Worldwide Influenza Surveillance through Twitter.
worldwide influenza surveillance
Coordination and Multi-Tasking Using EMT.
emt
Bayesian Learning of Other Agents' Finite Controllers for Interactive POMDPs.
finite controllers	interactive pomdps	bayesian learning
Selecting the Appropriate Consistency Algorithm for CSPs Using Machine Learning Classifiers.
machine learning classifiers	consistency algorithm
An Approach to Numeric Refinement in Description Logic Learning for Learning Activities Duration in Smart Homes.
description logic learning	learning activities duration	smart homes	numeric refinement
Tiebreaking Strategies for A* Search: How to Explore the Final Frontier.
final frontier	tiebreaking strategies
Predicting Postoperative Atrial Fibrillation from Independent ECG Components.
predicting postoperative atrial fibrillation	independent ecg components
Maximizing Revenue with Limited Correlation: The Cost of Ex-Post Incentive Compatibility.
ex-post incentive compatibility	limited correlation	maximizing revenue
Planning with Problems Requiring Temporal Coordination.
problems requiring temporal coordination
Learning Ensembles of Cutset Networks.
learning ensembles	cutset networks
Heuristic Search for Large Problems With Real Costs.
real costs	large problems	heuristic search
Temporal Planning for Interacting Durative Actions with Continuous Effects.
interacting durative actions	temporal planning	continuous effects
Multidisciplinary Workshop on Advances in Preference Handling, Papers from the 2014 AAAI Workshop, MPREF@AAAI, July 28, 2014, Quebec City, Canada
mpref@aaai	quebec city	preference handling	2014 aaai workshop	multidisciplinary workshop
Learning Structured Embeddings of Knowledge Bases.
learning structured embeddings	knowledge bases
Hydra: Automatically Configuring Algorithms for Portfolio-Based Selection.
automatically configuring algorithms	portfolio-based selection
Finding Semantic Inconsistencies in UMLS using Answer Set Programming.
finding semantic inconsistencies	answer set programming
Moral Decision Making Frameworks for Artificial Intelligence.
moral decision making frameworks	artificial intelligence
On-line Recognition of Surgical Activity for Monitoring in the Operating Room.
on-line recognition	operating room	surgical activity
Learning FRAME Models Using CNN Filters.
learning frame models	cnn filters
Semantic Relatedness Using Salient Semantic Analysis.
salient semantic analysis	semantic relatedness
Exploring Semantic Inter-Class Relationships (SIR) for Zero-Shot Action Recognition.
exploring semantic inter-class relationships	zero-shot action recognition
Target Surveillance in Adversarial Environments Using POMDPs.
adversarial environments	target surveillance
A General Framework for Representing and Reasoning with Annotated Semantic Web Data.
annotated semantic web data	general framework
Probabilistic Community Discovery Using Hierarchical Latent Gaussian Mixture Model.
hierarchical latent gaussian mixture model	probabilistic community discovery
Computer Poker and Imperfect Information, Papers from the 2015 AAAI Workshop, Austin, Texas, USA, January 26, 2015.
imperfect information	2015 aaai workshop	computer poker
Who is Watching You Eat?
eat
An Agent Design for Repeated Negotiation and Information Revelation with People.
information revelation	repeated negotiation	agent design
Sequential Classification-Based Optimization for Direct Policy Search.
direct policy search	sequential classification-based optimization
Euclidean Heuristic Optimization.
euclidean heuristic optimization
Topical Analysis of Interactions Between News and Social Media.
topical analysis	social media
Angry Birds as a Challenge for Artificial Intelligence.
angry birds	artificial intelligence
Towards Optimal Binary Code Learning via Ordinal Embedding.
optimal binary code learning	ordinal embedding
Policy Reuse in Deep Reinforcement Learning.
deep reinforcement learning	policy reuse
Implicit Coordination in Crowded Multi-Agent Navigation.
crowded multi-agent navigation	implicit coordination
CRF-OPT: An Efficient High-Quality Conditional Random Field Solver.
efficient high-quality conditional random field solver
Fused Matrix Factorization with Geographical and Social Influence in Location-Based Social Networks.
fused matrix factorization	location-based social networks	social influence
On the Dimensionality of Voting Games.
voting games
Outlier-Robust Convex Segmentation.
outlier-robust convex segmentation
Fast Equilibrium Computation for Infinitely Repeated Games.
infinitely repeated games	fast equilibrium computation
Gaussian Cardinality Restricted Boltzmann Machines.
gaussian cardinality restricted boltzmann machines
Generating Natural-Language Video Descriptions Using Text-Mined Knowledge.
generating natural-language video descriptions	text-mined knowledge
Multi-Domain Active Learning for Recommendation.
multi-domain active learning
Parametric Dual Maximization for Non-Convex Learning Problems.
parametric dual maximization	non-convex learning problems
Probabilistic Planning via Determinization in Hindsight.
probabilistic planning
Making VCG More Robust in Combinatorial Auctions via Submodular Approximation.
combinatorial auctions	making vcg	submodular approximation
Learning with Feature Network and Label Network Simultaneously.
label network simultaneously	feature network
Bound Consistency for Binary Length-Lex Set Constraints.
binary length-lex set constraints	bound consistency
The Winograd Schema Challenge: Evaluating Progress in Commonsense Reasoning.
winograd schema challenge	commonsense reasoning	evaluating progress
Playing Games Across the Superintelligence Divide.
superintelligence divide	playing games
Structural Patterns Beyond Forks: Extending the Complexity Boundaries of Classical Planning.
classical planning	structural patterns	complexity boundaries
Assessing Quality in the Web of Linked Sensor Data.
linked sensor data	assessing quality
Scalable Agent Modeling for Large Multiagent Systems.
scalable agent modeling	large multiagent systems
Latent Domains Modeling for Visual Domain Adaptation.
latent domains modeling	visual domain adaptation
On the Completeness of Lifted Variable Elimination.
lifted variable elimination
MCTS Based on Simple Regret.
mcts based	simple regret
Relative Attributes for Enhanced Human-Machine Communication.
enhanced human-machine communication	relative attributes
Planning in Dynamic Environments Through Temporal Logic Monitoring.
temporal logic monitoring	dynamic environments
Predictive Models for Determining If and When to Display Online Lead Forms.
display online lead forms	predictive models
Add Data into Business Process Verification: Bridging the Gap between Theory and Practice.
business process verification	add data
Credulous Resolution for Answer Set Programming.
answer set programming	credulous resolution
Reinforcement Learning Via Practice and Critique Advice.
reinforcement learning	critique advice
Automated Verification and Tightening of Failure Propagation Models.
failure propagation models	automated verification
Backdoors to Tractability of Answer-Set Programming.
answer-set programming
Ask, and Shall You Receive? Understanding Desire Fulfillment in Natural Language Text.
understanding desire fulfillment	natural language text
Leadership Games and their Application in Super-Peer Networks.
leadership games	super-peer networks
Tackling Mental Health by Integrating Unobtrusive Multimodal Sensing.
integrating unobtrusive multimodal sensing	tackling mental health
Composition Games for Distributed Systems: The EU Grant Games.
eu grant games	composition games	distributed systems
Transportability of Causal and Statistical Relations: A Formal Approach.
formal approach	statistical relations
GLADDER: Combining Gesture and Geometric Sketch Recognition.
geometric sketch recognition	combining gesture
Counting, Ranking, and Randomly Generating CP-Nets.
randomly generating cp-nets
Error Identification and Correction in Human Computation: Lessons from the WPA.
error identification	human computation
Learning Graphical Model Structure Using L1-Regularization Paths.
learning graphical model structure	l1-regularization paths
Feature Selection for Activity Recognition in Multi-Robot Domains.
activity recognition	multi-robot domains	feature selection
Multiagent Stochastic Planning With Bayesian Policy Recognition.
multiagent stochastic planning	bayesian policy recognition
Learning Safe Prediction for Semi-Supervised Regression.
learning safe prediction	semi-supervised regression
Size Adaptive Selection of Most Informative Features.
size adaptive selection	informative features
Construction of New Medicines via Game Proof Search.
game proof search
Going Beyond Literal Command-Based Instructions: Extending Robotic Natural Language Interaction Capabilities.
extending robotic natural language interaction capabilities	literal command-based instructions
Evaluating Temporal Plans in Incomplete Domains.
evaluating temporal plans	incomplete domains
Understanding the Complexity of Lifted Inference and Asymmetric Weighted Model Counting.
asymmetric weighted model counting	lifted inference
Learning and Inference with Constraints.
inference
Learning from Demonstration in Spatial Exploration.
spatial exploration
Unscented Message Passing for Arbitrary Continuous Variables in Bayesian Networks.
unscented message passing	arbitrary continuous variables	bayesian networks
Lifted First-Order Belief Propagation.
lifted first-order belief propagation
Multi-Agent Path Finding with Delay Probabilities.
multi-agent path finding	delay probabilities
Alternative Filtering for the Weighted Circuit Constraint: Comparing Lower Bounds for the TSP and Solving TSPTW.
comparing lower bounds	weighted circuit constraint	alternative filtering	solving tsptw
Optimal Personalized Defense Strategy Against Man-In-The-Middle Attack.
optimal personalized defense strategy	man-in-the-middle attack
Mining User Consumption Intention from Social Media Using Domain Adaptive Convolutional Neural Network.
domain adaptive convolutional neural network	mining user consumption intention	social media
An Efficient Approach to Model-Based Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning.
model-based hierarchical reinforcement learning	efficient approach
Probabilistic Planning with Risk-Sensitive Criterion.
risk-sensitive criterion	probabilistic planning
CrowdMR: Integrating Crowdsourcing with MapReduce for AI-Hard Problems.
integrating crowdsourcing	ai-hard problems
Low-Cost Manipulation Powered by ROS.
low-cost manipulation powered
Beat the Machine: Challenging Workers to Find the Unknown Unknowns.
unknown unknowns	challenging workers
Automatic Extraction of Data Points and Text Blocks from 2-Dimensional Plots in Digital Documents.
2-dimensional plots	text blocks	digital documents	automatic extraction	data points
Brown ROS Package: Reproducibility for Shared Experimentation and Learning from Demonstration.
brown ros package	shared experimentation
Lego Mindstorms Programming via PREOP.
lego mindstorms programming
Task Behavior and Interaction Planning for a Mobile Service Robot that Occasionally Requires Help.
mobile service robot	occasionally requires	task behavior	interaction planning
Detecting Social Ties and Copying Events from Affiliation Data.
detecting social ties	affiliation data	copying events
Optimal Discrete Matrix Completion.
optimal discrete matrix completion
A Computational Cognitive Model of Mirroring Processes: A Position Statement.
computational cognitive model	position statement	mirroring processes
Representing Sets of Instances for Visual Recognition.
representing sets	visual recognition
Neural Programming by Example.
neural programming
Neural Models for Sequence Chunking.
neural models	sequence chunking
Manifold Integration with Markov Random Walks.
markov random walks	manifold integration
On Finding Optimal Polytrees.
finding optimal polytrees
Activity Planning for a Lunar Orbital Mission.
lunar orbital mission	activity planning
Algorithms for Differentially Private Multi-Armed Bandits.
differentially private multi-armed bandits
Online Cross-Modal Hashing for Web Image Retrieval.
web image retrieval	online cross-modal hashing
Five Dimensions of Reasoning in the Wild.
wild
Markov Logic Sets: Towards Lifted Information Retrieval Using PageRank and Label Propagation.
lifted information retrieval	markov logic sets	label propagation
Association Rule Hiding Based on Evolutionary Multi-Objective Optimization by Removing Items.
association rule hiding based	evolutionary multi-objective optimization	removing items
Rule Ensemble Learning Using Hierarchical Kernels in Structured Output Spaces.
rule ensemble learning	structured output spaces	hierarchical kernels
Node Selection Query Languages for Trees.
node selection query languages
Online Kernel Selection: Algorithms and Evaluations.
online kernel selection
Restart Schedules for Ensembles of Problem Instances.
problem instances	restart schedules
Learning Word Representation Considering Proximity and Ambiguity.
learning word representation
Social Rankings in Human-Computer Committees.
social rankings	human-computer committees
Poker-CNN: A Pattern Learning Strategy for Making Draws and Bets in Poker Games Using Convolutional Networks.
pattern learning strategy	convolutional networks	poker games	making draws
Intent Prediction and Trajectory Forecasting via Predictive Inverse Linear-Quadratic Regulation.
predictive inverse linear-quadratic regulation	trajectory forecasting	intent prediction
Language Independent Feature Extractor.
language independent feature extractor
Multi-Level Cluster Indicator Decompositions of Matrices and Tensors.
multi-level cluster indicator decompositions
Using Response Functions to Measure Strategy Strength.
measure strategy strength	response functions
A Word Embedding and a Josa Vector for Korean Unsupervised Semantic Role Induction.
korean unsupervised semantic role induction	word embedding	josa vector
Exact Lifted Inference with Distinct Soft Evidence on Every Object.
exact lifted inference	distinct soft evidence
Uncovering Hidden Structure through Parallel Problem Decomposition for the Set Basis Problem.
set basis problem	parallel problem decomposition	uncovering hidden structure
Fast Lasso Algorithm via Selective Coordinate Descent.
selective coordinate descent	fast lasso algorithm
Audio Feature Learning with Triplet-Based Embedding Network.
audio feature learning	triplet-based embedding network
Volatile Multi-Armed Bandits for Guaranteed Targeted Social Crawling.
guaranteed targeted social crawling	volatile multi-armed bandits
Type-Based Exploration with Multiple Search Queues for Satisficing Planning.
multiple search queues	type-based exploration	satisficing planning
Lagrangian Decomposition Algorithm for Allocating Marketing Channels.
allocating marketing channels	lagrangian decomposition algorithm
SUNNY: A New Algorithm for Trust Inference in Social Networks Using Probabilistic Confidence Models.
probabilistic confidence models	trust inference	social networks
Interaction Structure and Dimensionality Reduction in Decentralized MDPs.
interaction structure	decentralized mdps	dimensionality reduction
Modal Ranking: A Uniquely Robust Voting Rule.
uniquely robust voting rule	modal ranking
Improving Surveillance Using Cooperative Target Observation.
cooperative target observation	improving surveillance
Bayesian Maximum Margin Principal Component Analysis.
bayesian maximum margin principal component analysis
Iterative Voting under Uncertainty for Group Recommender Systems (Research Abstract).
group recommender systems	iterative voting	research abstract
Inducing Probability Distributions from Knowledge Bases with (In)dependence Relations.
inducing probability distributions	dependence relations	knowledge bases
On the Prospects for Building a Working Model of the Visual Cortex.
visual cortex	working model
A New Approach to Knowledge Base Revision in DL-Lite.
knowledge base revision
Transition Constraints for Parallel Planning.
transition constraints	parallel planning
Causal Explanation Under Indeterminism: A Sampling Approach.
causal explanation	sampling approach
AutoFolio: Algorithm Configuration for Algorithm Selection.
algorithm configuration	algorithm selection
Optimal Rectangle Packing on Non-Square Benchmarks.
optimal rectangle packing	non-square benchmarks
Toward Interactive Relational Learning.
interactive relational learning
Biomind ArrayGenius and GeneGenius: Web Services Offering Microarray and SNP Data Analysis via Novel Machine Learning Methods.
web services offering microarray	machine learning methods	snp data analysis	biomind arraygenius
Optimal Cost Almost-Sure Reachability in POMDPs.
optimal cost almost-
Relationship Identification for Social Network Discovery.
social network discovery	relationship identification
Provisioning Heterogeneous and Unreliable Providers for Service Workflows.
provisioning heterogeneous	unreliable providers	service workflows
A Novel Single-DBN Generative Model for Optimizing POMDP Controllers by Probabilistic Inference.
optimizing pomdp controllers	single-dbn generative model	probabilistic inference
Automating To-Do Lists for Users: Interpretation of To-Dos for Selecting and Tasking Agents.
automating to-	tasking agents
HACKAR: Helpful Advice for Code Knowledge and Attack Resilience.
helpful advice	attack resilience	code knowledge
The Virtual Solar-Terrestrial Observatory: A Deployed Semantic Web Application Case Study for Scientific Research.
deployed semantic web application case study	virtual solar-terrestrial observatory	scientific research
How to Calibrate the Scores of Biased Reviewers by Quadratic Programming.
quadratic programming	biased reviewers
When Does Bounded-Optimal Metareasoning Favor Few Cognitive Systems?
bounded-optimal metareasoning favor	cognitive systems
Nurturing Group-Beneficial Information-Gathering Behaviors Through Above-Threshold Criteria Setting.
nurturing group-beneficial information-gathering behaviors	above-threshold criteria setting
A Model for Learning Description Logic Ontologies Based on Exact Learning.
learning description logic ontologies based	exact learning
Session Based Click Features for Recency Ranking.
session based click features	recency ranking
Active Task Selection for Lifelong Machine Learning.
lifelong machine learning	active task selection
Discovering Better AAAI Keywords via Clustering with Community-Sourced Constraints.
aaai keywords	community-sourced constraints
GSMDPs for Multi-Robot Sequential Decision-Making.
multi-robot sequential decision-making
Competing with Humans at Fantasy Football: Team Formation in Large Partially-Observable Domains.
large partially-observable domains	team formation	fantasy football
Refining Rules Incorporated into Knowledge-Based Support Vector Learners Via Successive Linear Programming.
knowledge-based support vector learners	refining rules incorporated	successive linear programming
Heterogeneous Transfer Learning for Image Classification.
heterogeneous transfer learning	image classification
Robust Subspace Clustering via Thresholding Ridge Regression.
robust subspace clustering	thresholding ridge regression
Bayesian Networks with Prior Knowledge for Malware Phylogenetics.
malware phylogenetics	bayesian networks	prior knowledge
Constrained Pure Nash Equilibria in Polymatrix Games.
constrained pure nash equilibria	polymatrix games
A Machine Learning Approach for Semantic Structuring of Scientific Charts in Scholarly Documents.
machine learning approach	semantic structuring	scientific charts	scholarly documents
Eigenvalues Ratio for Kernel Selection of Kernel Methods.
kernel selection	eigenvalues ratio	kernel methods
Reputation in the Venture Games.
venture games
When and Why Are Deep Networks Better Than Shallow Ones?
deep networks
Sampling and Updating Higher Order Beliefs in Decision-Theoretic Bargaining Under Uncertainty.
updating higher order beliefs	decision-theoretic bargaining
Learning Low-Rank Representations with Classwise Block-Diagonal Structure for Robust Face Recognition.
classwise block-diagonal structure	learning low-rank representations	robust face recognition
Extracting Ontological Selectional Preferences for Non-Pertainym Adjectives from the Google Corpus.
extracting ontological selectional preferences	non-pertainym adjectives	google corpus
Companion-Based Ambient Robust Intelligence (CARING).
companion-based ambient robust intelligence
Neural Network based Constraint Satisfaction in Ontology Mapping.
neural network based constraint satisfaction	ontology mapping
Joint Anaphoricity Detection and Coreference Resolution with Constrained Latent Structures.
joint anaphoricity detection	constrained latent structures	coreference resolution
Challenges in Resource and Cost Allocation.
cost allocation
Multimodal People Detection and Tracking in Crowded Scenes.
multimodal people detection	crowded scenes
Preference Elicitation and Interview Minimization in Stable Matchings.
preference elicitation	interview minimization	stable matchings
Bagging Ensembles for the Diagnosis and Prognostication of Alzheimer's Disease.
bagging ensembles
Simulated Annealing Based Influence Maximization in Social Networks.
simulated annealing based influence maximization	social networks
Topic Correlation Analysis for Cross-Domain Text Classification.
topic correlation analysis	cross-domain text classification
Good-enough brain model: challenges, algorithms and discoveries in multi-subject experiments.
brain model	multi-subject experiments
Designing Policy Recommendations to Reduce Home Abandonment in Mexico.
designing policy recommendations	reduce home abandonment
Boosting with structure information in the functional space: an application to graph classification.
graph classification	functional space	structure information
Non-transitive Hashing with Latent Similarity Components.
latent similarity components	non-transitive hashing
Protein sequence alignment and structural disorder: a substitution matrix for an extended alphabet.
protein sequence alignment	structural disorder	substitution matrix	extended alphabet
Argo: intelligent advertising by mining a user's interest from his photo collections.
photo collections	intelligent advertising
OpinionMiner: a novel machine learning system for web opinion mining and extraction.
machine learning system	web opinion mining
Optimal Reserve Prices in Upstream Auctions: Empirical Application on Online Video Advertising.
optimal reserve prices	online video advertising	empirical application	upstream auctions
Phenological event detection from multitemporal image data.
phenological event detection	multitemporal image data
Selecting a characteristic set of reviews.
characteristic set
Search war: a game for improving web search.
improving web search	search war
Local peculiarity factor and its application in outlier detection.
local peculiarity factor	outlier detection
Towards anytime active learning: interrupting experts to reduce annotation costs.
reduce annotation costs	anytime active learning	interrupting experts
Collective graph identification.
collective graph identification
Event detection in activity networks.
activity networks	event detection
Large Scale Sentiment Learning with Limited Labels.
large scale sentiment learning	limited labels
City-scale traffic simulation from digital footprints.
city-scale traffic simulation	digital footprints
DAGger: clustering correlated uncertain data (to predict asset failure in energy networks).
clustering correlated uncertain data	predict asset failure	energy networks
Statistical change detection for multi-dimensional data.
statistical change detection	multi-dimensional data
PSkip: estimating relevance ranking quality from web search clickthrough data.
web search clickthrough data	estimating relevance ranking quality
Fast flux discriminant for large-scale sparse nonlinear classification.
large-scale sparse nonlinear classification	fast flux discriminant
Large-Scale Distributed Bayesian Matrix Factorization using Stochastic Gradient MCMC.
large-scale distributed bayesian matrix factorization	stochastic gradient mcmc
A Markov chain model for integrating behavioral targeting into contextual advertising.
integrating behavioral targeting	markov chain model	contextual advertising
Finding Precursors to Anomalous Drop in Airspeed During a Flight's Takeoff.
anomalous drop	finding precursors
UFIMT: an uncertain frequent itemset mining toolbox.
uncertain frequent itemset mining toolbox
Machine learning for stock selection.
stock selection	machine learning
Learning dynamic temporal graphs for oil-production equipment monitoring system.
learning dynamic temporal graphs	oil-production equipment monitoring system
Pervasive parallelism in data mining: dataflow solution to co-clustering large and sparse Netflix data.
sparse netflix data	data mining	pervasive parallelism	co-clustering large	dataflow solution
Information propagation game: a tool to acquire humanplaying data for multiplayer influence maximization on social networks.
information propagation game	acquire humanplaying data	multiplayer influence maximization	social networks
A Quasi-experimental Estimate of the Impact of P2P Transportation Platforms on Urban Consumer Patterns.
p2p transportation platforms	urban consumer patterns	quasi-experimental estimate
Incorporating World Knowledge to Document Clustering via Heterogeneous Information Networks.
heterogeneous information networks	incorporating world knowledge	document clustering
Probably the best itemsets.
itemsets
Automatic Entity Recognition and Typing from Massive Text Corpora: A Phrase and Network Mining Approach.
automatic entity recognition	network mining approach	massive text corpora
Proceedings of the ACM SIGKDD Workshop on Statistical and Relational Learning in Bioinformatics, Paris, France, June 28, 2009
acm sigkdd workshop	relational learning
Semi-Supervised Techniques for Mining Learning Outcomes and Prerequisites.
mining learning outcomes	semi-supervised techniques
Coupled behavior analysis for capturing coupling relationships in group-based market manipulations.
group-based market manipulations	coupled behavior analysis	capturing coupling relationships
Improving Survey Aggregation with Sparsely Represented Signals.
sparsely represented signals	improving survey aggregation
Knowledge discovery from massive healthcare claims data.
massive healthcare claims data	knowledge discovery
Operational security analytics: doing more with less.
operational security analytics
Regime Shifts in Streams: Real-time Forecasting of Co-evolving Time Sequences.
co-evolving time sequences	regime shifts	real-time forecasting
User-level sentiment analysis incorporating social networks.
user-level sentiment analysis incorporating social networks
Probabilistic latent semantic visualization: topic model for visualizing documents.
probabilistic latent semantic visualization	visualizing documents	topic model
Refining causality: who copied from whom?
refining causality
Finding frequent sub-trajectories with time constraints.
finding frequent sub-trajectories	time constraints
Predicting bounce rates in sponsored search advertisements.
sponsored search advertisements	predicting bounce rates
AntiPhish: lessons learnt.
lessons learnt
Scalable Heterogeneous Transfer Ranking.
scalable heterogeneous transfer ranking
Dynamic Poisson Autoregression for Influenza-Like-Illness Case Count Prediction.
influenza-like-illness case count prediction	dynamic poisson autoregression
Finding Gangs in War from Signed Networks.
signed networks	finding gangs
Building blocks for exploratory data analysis tools.
exploratory data analysis tools	building blocks
Extracting discriminative concepts for domain adaptation in text mining.
extracting discriminative concepts	text mining	domain adaptation
The practitioner's viewpoint to data mining: key lessons learned in the trenches and case studies.
key lessons learned	case studies	data mining
Come-and-Go Patterns of Group Evolution: A Dynamic Model.
dynamic model	group evolution
Online debate summarization using topic directed sentiment analysis.
topic directed sentiment analysis	online debate summarization
Compression-aware I/O performance analysis for big data clustering.
big data clustering	performance analysis
Building Discriminative User Profiles for Large-scale Content Recommendation.
building discriminative user profiles	large-scale content recommendation
Event summarization for system management.
system management	event summarization
A "semi-lazy" approach to probabilistic path prediction.
probabilistic path prediction
Bugbears or legitimate threats?: (social) scientists' criticisms of machine learning?
machine learning	legitimate threats
Webpage understanding: an integrated approach.
webpage understanding	integrated approach
PTE: Predictive Text Embedding through Large-scale Heterogeneous Text Networks.
large-scale heterogeneous text networks	predictive text embedding
Clustering of power quality event data collected via monitoring systems installed on the electricity network.
power quality event data collected	monitoring systems installed	electricity network
A framework for simultaneous co-clustering and learning from complex data.
complex data	simultaneous co-clustering
A spectral clustering approach to optimally combining numericalvectors with a modular network.
spectral clustering approach	optimally combining numericalvectors	modular network
From user comments to on-line conversations.
user comments	on-line conversations
Visual exploration of collaboration networks based on graph degeneracy.
collaboration networks based	visual exploration	graph degeneracy
Mining broad latent query aspects from search sessions.
mining broad latent query aspects	search sessions
A Hybrid Framework for Text Modeling with Convolutional RNN.
hybrid framework	convolutional rnn	text modeling
On nested palindromes in clickstream data.
clickstream data	nested palindromes
User-click modeling for understanding and predicting search-behavior.
predicting search-behavior	user-click modeling
Cross-domain collaboration recommendation.
cross-domain collaboration recommendation
Online Outlier Exploration Over Large Datasets.
online outlier exploration	large datasets
Experiments in social computation: (and the data they generate).
social computation
Structured entity identification and document categorization: two tasks with one joint model.
structured entity identification	joint model	document categorization
Entity discovery and assignment for opinion mining applications.
opinion mining applications	entity discovery
Evaluating U.S. Electoral Representation with a Joint Statistical Model of Congressional Roll-Calls, Legislative Text, and Voter Registration Data.
voter registration data	joint statistical model	congressional roll-calls	legislative text	electoral representation
PubMed search and exploration with real-time semantic network construction.
real-time semantic network construction	pubmed search
Reconstructing an Epidemic Over Time.
reconstructing
node2vec: Scalable Feature Learning for Networks.
scalable feature learning
Monitoring Incremental Histogram Distribution for Change Detection in Data Streams.
monitoring incremental histogram distribution	change detection	data streams
Gibbs Collapsed Sampling for Latent Dirichlet Allocation on Spark.
gibbs collapsed sampling	latent dirichlet allocation
Gender and Interest Targeting for Sponsored Post Advertising at Tumblr.
sponsored post advertising	interest targeting
Partitioned logistic regression for spam filtering.
partitioned logistic regression	spam filtering
Collaborative Multi-View Denoising.
collaborative multi-view denoising
Multiple domain user personalization.
multiple domain user personalization
Distance queries from sampled data: accurate and efficient.
distance queries	sampled data
Data Science at Visa.
data science
Active learning for online bayesian matrix factorization.
online bayesian matrix factorization	active learning
Accelerating Innovation Through Analogy Mining.
analogy mining	accelerating innovation
An architecture for detecting events in real-time using massive heterogeneous data sources.
massive heterogeneous data sources	detecting events
On the Reliability of Profile Matching Across Large Online Social Networks.
large online social networks	profile matching
Dirichlet-Hawkes Processes with Applications to Clustering Continuous-Time Document Streams.
clustering continuous-time document streams	dirichlet-hawkes processes
Constant-factor approximation algorithms for identifying dynamic communities.
identifying dynamic communities	constant-factor approximation algorithms
Extracting relevant named entities for automated expense reimbursement.
extracting relevant named entities	automated expense reimbursement
A kernel fused perceptron for the online classification of large-scale data.
kernel fused perceptron	online classification	large-scale data
EMBERS at 4 years: Experiences operating an Open Source Indicators Forecasting System.
open source indicators forecasting system	experiences operating
Measuring spontaneous devaluations in user preferences.
measuring spontaneous devaluations	user preferences
Exploiting Wikipedia as external knowledge for document clustering.
exploiting wikipedia	external knowledge	document clustering
Efficient distributed computation of human mobility aggregates through user mobility profiles.
user mobility profiles	efficient distributed computation	human mobility aggregates
Joint Community and Structural Hole Spanner Detection via Harmonic Modularity.
structural hole spanner detection	joint community	harmonic modularity
Learning from crowds in the presence of schools of thought.
schools
Toeplitz Inverse Covariance-Based Clustering of Multivariate Time Series Data.
multivariate time series data	toeplitz inverse covariance-based clustering
Beyond heuristics: learning to classify vulnerabilities and predict exploits.
classify vulnerabilities	predict exploits
Multi-layer Representation Learning for Medical Concepts.
multi-layer representation learning	medical concepts
A Multi-Task Learning Formulation for Survival Analysis.
multi-task learning formulation	survival analysis
Cuckoo Linear Algebra.
cuckoo linear algebra
Understanding Behaviors that Lead to Purchasing: A Case Study of Pinterest.
understanding behaviors	case study
The Evolving Meaning of Information Security.
information security	evolving meaning
Predicting Voice Elicited Emotions.
predicting voice elicited emotions
Social media data analysis for revealing collective behaviors.
social media data analysis	revealing collective behaviors
Challenges in mining social network data: processes, privacy, and paradoxes.
mining social network data
Temporal skeletonization on sequential data: patterns, categorization, and visualization.
sequential data	temporal skeletonization
FAQ: A Framework for Fast Approximate Query Processing on Temporal Data.
fast approximate query processing	temporal data
Semantic visualization for spherical representation.
spherical representation	semantic visualization
Measuring the effects of preprocessing decisions and network forces in dynamic network analysis.
dynamic network analysis	network forces	preprocessing decisions
Overcoming Key Weaknesses of Distance-based Neighbourhood Methods using a Data Dependent Dissimilarity Measure.
data dependent dissimilarity measure	distance-based neighbourhood methods	overcoming key weaknesses
Zips: mining compressing sequential patterns in streams.
mining compressing sequential patterns
Safe Pattern Pruning: An Efficient Approach for Predictive Pattern Mining.
safe pattern pruning	predictive pattern mining	efficient approach
Intelligent advertising framework for digital signage.
intelligent advertising framework	digital signage
Modeling and probabilistic reasoning of population evacuation during large-scale disaster.
population evacuation	large-scale disaster	probabilistic reasoning
Efficient Algorithms for Public-Private Social Networks.
public-private social networks	efficient algorithms
The Child is Father of the Man: Foresee the Success at the Early Stage.
early stage
Beyond Triangles: A Distributed Framework for Estimating 3-profiles of Large Graphs.
large graphs	estimating 3-profiles	distributed framework
Harnessing Mobile Phone Social Network Topology to Infer Users Demographic Attributes.
harnessing mobile phone social network topology	infer users demographic attributes
Correlated itemset mining in ROC space: a constraint programming approach.
constraint programming approach	correlated itemset mining	roc space
TRIÈST: Counting Local and Global Triangles in Fully-Dynamic Streams with Fixed Memory Size.
fixed memory size	triÈst	counting local	fully-dynamic streams	global triangles
Online learning to diversify from implicit feedback.
online learning	implicit feedback
Scalable look-ahead linear regression trees.
scalable look-ahead linear regression trees
ProfileRank: finding relevant content and influential users based on information diffusion.
finding relevant content	influential users based	information diffusion
User oriented trajectory similarity search.
user oriented trajectory similarity search
Smart Pacing for Effective Online Ad Campaign Optimization.
effective online ad campaign optimization	smart pacing
Real-time bidding algorithms for performance-based display ad allocation.
performance-based display ad allocation	real-time bidding algorithms
Inferring distant-time location in low-sampling-rate trajectories.
inferring distant-time location	low-sampling-rate trajectories
Scalable near real-time failure localization of data center networks.
real-time failure localization	data center networks
Multi-class cost-sensitive boosting with p-norm loss functions.
multi-class cost-sensitive boosting	p-norm loss functions
High-precision phrase-based document classification on a modern scale.
high-precision phrase-based document classification	modern scale
Knowledge discovery and data mining in pharmaceutical cancer research.
pharmaceutical cancer research	knowledge discovery	data mining
Use of ranked cross document evidence trails for hypothesis generation.
ranked cross document evidence trails	hypothesis generation
Maximum inner-product search using cone trees.
maximum inner-product search	cone trees
Experiments with non-parametric topic models.
non-parametric topic models
Temporal multi-hierarchy smoothing for estimating rates of rare events.
temporal multi-hierarchy smoothing	rare events	estimating rates
Mixing bandits: a recipe for improved cold-start recommendations in a social network.
improved cold-start recommendations	mixing bandits	social network
Efficient Correlated Topic Modeling with Topic Embedding.
efficient correlated topic modeling	topic embedding
Latent topic feedback for information retrieval.
latent topic feedback	information retrieval
Analyzing microblogs with affinity propagation.
affinity propagation	analyzing microblogs
User Conditional Hashtag Prediction for Images.
user conditional hashtag prediction
Finding Spread Blockers in Dynamic Networks.
finding spread blockers	dynamic networks
Meta optimization and its application to portfolio selection.
meta optimization	portfolio selection
Fast influence-based coarsening for large networks.
fast influence-based coarsening	large networks
Temporal Phenotyping from Longitudinal Electronic Health Records: A Graph Based Framework.
longitudinal electronic health records	graph based framework	temporal phenotyping
Collaborative filtering with temporal dynamics.
temporal dynamics	collaborative filtering
Different slopes for different folks: mining for exceptional regression models with cook's distance.
exceptional regression models
TimeMachine: Timeline Generation for Knowledge-Base Entities.
knowledge-base entities	timeline generation
Unsupervised feature selection for multi-cluster data.
unsupervised feature selection	multi-cluster data
Scalable diffusion-aware optimization of network topology.
scalable diffusion-aware optimization	network topology
Who to follow and why: link prediction with explanations.
link prediction
Scalable similarity search with optimized kernel hashing.
optimized kernel hashing	scalable similarity search
Rise and fall patterns of information diffusion: model and implications.
information diffusion	fall patterns
Benchmarks and Process Management in Data Science: Will We Ever Get Over the Mess?
data science	process management
Structural Graphical Lasso for Learning Mouse Brain Connectivity.
learning mouse brain connectivity	structural graphical lasso
MI2LS: multi-instance learning from multiple informationsources.
multi-instance learning	multiple informationsources
A system to grade computer programming skills using machine learning.
grade computer programming skills	machine learning
Algorithmic techniques for modeling and mining large graphs (AMAzING).
mining large graphs	algorithmic techniques
Federated Tensor Factorization for Computational Phenotyping.
federated tensor factorization	computational phenotyping
Direct mining of discriminative and essential frequent patterns via model-based search tree.
essential frequent patterns	model-based search tree	direct mining
Enhancing sentiment extraction from text by means of arguments.
enhancing sentiment extraction
Mining Frequent Itemsets through Progressive Sampling with Rademacher Averages.
mining frequent itemsets	progressive sampling	rademacher averages
CompanyDepot: Employer Name Normalization in the Online Recruitment Industry.
online recruitment industry
A case study in a recommender system based on purchase data.
recommender system based	case study	purchase data
Synthetic review spamming and defense.
synthetic review spamming
Visual Search at eBay.
visual search
Anomaly Detection with Robust Deep Autoencoders.
robust deep autoencoders	anomaly detection
A Dirty Dozen: Twelve Common Metric Interpretation Pitfalls in Online Controlled Experiments.
twelve common metric interpretation pitfalls	online controlled experiments	dirty dozen
Distributed Local Outlier Detection in Big Data.
distributed local outlier detection	big data
Anomaly Detection in Streams with Extreme Value Theory.
anomaly detection
Automatic Application Identification from Billions of Files.
automatic application identification
Network anomaly detection based on Eigen equation compression.
network anomaly detection based	eigen equation compression
Efficient multi-task feature learning with calibration.
efficient multi-task feature learning
Matrix Computations and Optimization in Apache Spark.
matrix computations	apache spark
Analyzing the composition of cities using spatial clustering.
spatial clustering
Dynamic hybrid clustering of bioinformatics by incorporating text mining and citation analysis.
incorporating text mining	dynamic hybrid clustering	citation analysis
Improving data mining utility with projective sampling.
improving data mining utility	projective sampling
Identifying Decision Makers from Professional Social Networks.
identifying decision makers	professional social networks
Estimating conversion rate in display advertising from past erformance data.
estimating conversion rate	past erformance data	display advertising
Characterising the difference.
characterising
EARS (earthquake alert and report system): a real time decision support system for earthquake crisis management.
real time decision support system	earthquake crisis management	report system	earthquake alert
A review of urban computing for mobile phone traces: current methods, challenges and opportunities.
mobile phone traces	urban computing	current methods
A comparison of SNOTEL and AMSR-E snow water equivalent datasets in western U.S. watersheds.
snow water equivalent datasets
Proceedings of the 1st International Workshop on Big Data, Streams and Heterogeneous Source Mining: Algorithms, Systems, Programming Models and Applications, BigMine 2012, Beijing, China, August 12, 2012
1st international workshop	heterogeneous source mining	big data	programming models
An Efficient Bandit Algorithm for Realtime Multivariate Optimization.
efficient bandit algorithm	realtime multivariate optimization
WhereNext: a location predictor on trajectory pattern mining.
trajectory pattern mining	location predictor
Streaming graph partitioning for large distributed graphs.
large distributed graphs	streaming graph partitioning
BatchRank: A Novel Batch Mode Active Learning Framework for Hierarchical Classification.
batch mode active learning framework	hierarchical classification
Predicting the present with search engine data.
search engine data
Performance Modeling and Scalability Optimization of Distributed Deep Learning Systems.
distributed deep learning systems	scalability optimization	performance modeling
Overlapping community detection via bounded nonnegative matrix tri-factorization.
bounded nonnegative matrix tri-factorization	overlapping community detection
CAPTCHA-based image labeling on the Soylent Grid.
captcha-based image labeling	soylent grid
Psychological advertising: exploring user psychology for click prediction in sponsored search.
exploring user psychology	psychological advertising	sponsored search	click prediction
Identifying and labeling search tasks via query-based hawkes processes.
labeling search tasks	query-based hawkes processes
Linear scale semantic mining algorithms in microsoft SQL server's semantic platform.
linear scale semantic mining algorithms	microsoft sql server	semantic platform
Learning to extract chemical names based on random text generation and incomplete dictionary.
extract chemical names based	random text generation	incomplete dictionary
"Why Should I Trust You?": Explaining the Predictions of Any Classifier.
explaining
Negative correlations in collaboration: concepts and algorithms.
negative correlations
Bringing structure to text: mining phrases, entities, topics, and hierarchies.
bringing structure	mining phrases
Change detection in rainfall and temperature patterns over India.
change detection	temperature patterns
Diffusion in Social and Information Networks: Research Problems, Probabilistic Models and Machine Learning Methods.
machine learning methods	probabilistic models	research problems	information networks
An integrated data mining approach to real-time clinical monitoring and deterioration warning.
integrated data mining approach	real-time clinical monitoring	deterioration warning
Scalable misbehavior detection in online video chat services.
online video chat services	scalable misbehavior detection
Probabilistic Analysis of a Large-Scale Urban Traffic Sensor Data Set.
large-scale urban traffic sensor data set	probabilistic analysis
SympGraph: a framework for mining clinical notes through symptom relation graphs.
symptom relation graphs	mining clinical notes
Social sampling.
social sampling
A Data-driven Process Recommender Framework.
data-driven process recommender framework
Siren: an interactive tool for mining and visualizing geospatial redescriptions.
visualizing geospatial redescriptions	interactive tool
Squish: Near-Optimal Compression for Archival of Relational Datasets.
near-optimal compression	relational datasets
SEA: a system for event analysis on chinese tweets.
event analysis	chinese tweets
GraphScope: parameter-free mining of large time-evolving graphs.
large time-evolving graphs	parameter-free mining
GMove: Group-Level Mobility Modeling Using Geo-Tagged Social Media.
geo-tagged social media	group-level mobility modeling
Scaling up text classification for large file systems.
large file systems	text classification
Deep Embedding Forest: Forest-based Serving with Deep Embedding Features.
deep embedding forest	deep embedding features	forest-based serving
Modeling Truth Existence in Truth Discovery.
modeling truth existence	truth discovery
Composing Miners to Develop an Intrusion Detection Solution.
intrusion detection solution	composing miners
Where the blogs tip: connectors, mavens, salesmen and translators of the blogosphere.
blogs tip
Goal-Directed Inductive Matrix Completion.
goal-directed inductive matrix completion
Machine Learning and Causal Inference for Policy Evaluation.
policy evaluation	causal inference	machine learning
Canonicalization of database records using adaptive similarity measures.
adaptive similarity measures	database records
Efficient social network approximate analysis on blogosphere based on network structure characteristics.
efficient social network approximate analysis	network structure characteristics	blogosphere based
Early Identification of Violent Criminal Gang Members.
violent criminal gang members	early identification
CUT: community update and tracking in dynamic social networks.
dynamic social networks	community update
Spoken English Grading: Machine Learning with Crowd Intelligence.
spoken english grading	crowd intelligence	machine learning
Bayesian Inference of Arrival Rate and Substitution Behavior from Sales Transaction Data with Stockouts.
sales transaction data	substitution behavior	arrival rate	bayesian inference
A Real Linear and Parallel Multiple Longest Common Subsequences (MLCS) Algorithm.
parallel multiple longest common subsequences	real linear
Graph Wavelets via Sparse Cuts.
sparse cuts	graph wavelets
Annealed Sparsity via Adaptive and Dynamic Shrinking.
annealed sparsity	dynamic shrinking
Predictive Approaches for Low-Cost Preventive Medicine Program in Developing Countries.
low-cost preventive medicine program	developing countries	predictive approaches
Semi-supervised ranking on very large graphs with rich metadata.
large graphs	rich metadata	semi-supervised ranking
Building an engine for big data.
big data
Privacy-preserving outsourcing support vector machines with random transformation.
privacy-preserving outsourcing support vector machines	random transformation
LAFT-Explorer: inferring, visualizing and predicting how your social network expands.
social network expands
Dynamic Topic Modeling for Monitoring Market Competition from Online Text and Image Data.
monitoring market competition	dynamic topic modeling	image data	online text
Maintaining connected components for infinite graph streams.
infinite graph streams	maintaining connected components
Proceedings of the Eighth International Workshop on Data Mining for Online Advertising, ADKDD 2014, August 24, 2014, New York City, New York, USA
eighth international workshop	online advertising	data mining
Multi-Task Learning for Spatio-Temporal Event Forecasting.
spatio-temporal event forecasting	multi-task learning
Measuring Causal Impact of Online Actions via Natural Experiments: Application to Display Advertising.
measuring causal impact	natural experiments	online actions	display advertising
Information environment security.
information environment security
Space-efficient sampling from social activity streams.
social activity streams	space-efficient sampling
Optimizing web traffic via the media scheduling problem.
optimizing web traffic	media scheduling problem
Proceedings of KDD-Cup 2009 competition, Paris, France, June 28, 2009
kdd-cup 2009 competition
Sparse Compositional Local Metric Learning.
sparse compositional local metric learning
An effective evaluation measure for clustering on evolving data streams.
evolving data streams	effective evaluation measure
Towards detecting influenza epidemics by analyzing Twitter messages.
detecting influenza epidemics	analyzing twitter messages
DopeLearning: A Computational Approach to Rap Lyrics Generation.
rap lyrics generation	computational approach
Box drawings for learning with imbalanced data.
box drawings	imbalanced data
Tropical cyclone event sequence similarity search via dimensionality reduction and metric learning.
tropical cyclone event sequence similarity search	metric learning	dimensionality reduction
INCONCO: interpretable clustering of numerical and categorical objects.
interpretable clustering	categorical objects
USpan: an efficient algorithm for mining high utility sequential patterns.
mining high utility sequential patterns	efficient algorithm
Multi-label relational neighbor classification using social context features.
multi-label relational neighbor classification	social context features
Magic Bullet: a dual-purpose computer game.
dual-purpose computer game	magic bullet
A near-linear time approximation algorithm for angle-based outlier detection in high-dimensional data.
near-linear time approximation algorithm	angle-based outlier detection	high-dimensional data
Location-aware publish/subscribe.
location-aware publish/subscribe
Applying syntactic similarity algorithms for enterprise information management.
applying syntactic similarity algorithms	enterprise information management
Unsupervised feature selection for linked social media data.
linked social media data	unsupervised feature selection
Model-based document clustering with a collapsed gibbs sampler.
collapsed gibbs sampler	model-based document clustering
Spatiotemporal periodical pattern mining in traffic data.
spatiotemporal periodical pattern mining	traffic data
HySAD: a semi-supervised hybrid shilling attack detector for trustworthy product recommendation.
semi-supervised hybrid shilling attack detector	trustworthy product recommendation
Storygraph: extracting patterns from spatio-temporal data.
extracting patterns	spatio-temporal data
Mining optimal decision trees from itemset lattices.
mining optimal decision trees	itemset lattices
Big Data in Climate: Opportunities and Challenges for Machine Learning.
big data	machine learning
Coordinated clustering algorithms to support charging infrastructure design for electric vehicles.
support charging infrastructure design	coordinated clustering algorithms	electric vehicles
Proceedings of the 4th International Workshop on Big Data, Streams and Heterogeneous Source Mining: Algorithms, Systems, Programming Models and Applications, BigMine 2015, Sydney, Australia, August 10, 2015
4th international workshop	heterogeneous source mining	big data	programming models
Inductive Semi-supervised Multi-Label Learning with Co-Training.
inductive semi-supervised multi-label learning
Using Convolutional Networks and Satellite Imagery to Identify Patterns in Urban Environments at a Large Scale.
convolutional networks	urban environments	large scale	identify patterns	satellite imagery
Where to wait for a taxi?
taxi
PNP: Fast Path Ensemble Method for Movie Design.
fast path ensemble method	movie design
Data mining with differential privacy.
differential privacy	data mining
Learning a Hierarchical Monitoring System for Detecting and Diagnosing Service Issues.
hierarchical monitoring system	diagnosing service issues
Mining regular routes from GPS data for ridesharing recommendations.
mining regular routes	ridesharing recommendations	gps data
Divide-and-conquer and statistical inference for big data.
big data	statistical inference
Prospecting the Career Development of Talents: A Survival Analysis Perspective.
survival analysis perspective	career development
A data mining driven risk profiling method for road asset management.
data mining driven risk profiling method	road asset management
Rank aggregation via nuclear norm minimization.
nuclear norm minimization	rank aggregation
Inferring the Strength of Social Ties: A Community-Driven Approach.
community-driven approach	social ties
Mobile app recommendations with security and privacy awareness.
mobile app recommendations	privacy awareness
Parallel rough set based knowledge acquisition using MapReduce from big data.
parallel rough set based knowledge acquisition	big data
Entity resolution for big data.
entity resolution	big data
SAE: social analytic engine for large networks.
social analytic engine	large networks
Efficient Online Evaluation of Big Data Stream Classifiers.
big data stream classifiers	efficient online evaluation
Learning to question: leveraging user preferences for shopping advice.
leveraging user preferences	shopping advice
Multi-label classification by mining label and instance correlations from heterogeneous information networks.
heterogeneous information networks	multi-label classification	mining label	instance correlations
Big Data System for Analyzing Risky Procurement Entities.
analyzing risky procurement entities	big data system
Cut-and-stitch: efficient parallel learning of linear dynamical systems on smps.
linear dynamical systems	efficient parallel learning
Review spam detection via temporal pattern discovery.
temporal pattern discovery	review spam detection
Robust multi-task feature learning.
robust multi-task feature learning
An information theoretic framework for data mining.
information theoretic framework	data mining
A shapelet transform for time series classification.
time series classification	shapelet transform
SAIL: summation-based incremental learning for information-theoretic clustering.
summation-based incremental learning	information-theoretic clustering
Understanding Twitter data with TweetXplorer.
understanding twitter data
Nonnegative shared subspace learning and its application to social media retrieval.
nonnegative shared subspace learning	social media retrieval
Mining uncertain data with probabilistic guarantees.
mining uncertain data	probabilistic guarantees
Restreaming graph partitioning: simple versatile algorithms for advanced balancing.
restreaming graph partitioning	simple versatile algorithms	advanced balancing
Post Processing Recommender Systems for Diversity.
post processing recommender systems
Overlapping decomposition for causal graphical modeling.
causal graphical modeling	overlapping decomposition
Knowledge discovery of multiple-topic document using parametric mixture model with dirichlet prior.
parametric mixture model	knowledge discovery	multiple-topic document	dirichlet prior
Direct out-of-memory distributed parallel frequent pattern mining.
direct out-of-memory distributed parallel frequent pattern mining
Combined regression and ranking.
combined regression
Financing lead triggers: empowering sales reps through knowledge discovery and fusion.
empowering sales reps	financing lead triggers	knowledge discovery
How to Compete Online for News Audience: Modeling Words that Attract Clicks.
attract clicks	modeling words	compete online	news audience
Augmenting MATLAB with semantic objects for an interactive visual environment.
interactive visual environment	semantic objects	augmenting matlab
Mining discrete patterns via binary matrix factorization.
mining discrete patterns	binary matrix factorization
Density-based clustering for real-time stream data.
real-time stream data	density-based clustering
Monitoring Least Squares Models of Distributed Streams.
squares models	distributed streams
Adaptive collective routing using gaussian process dynamic congestion models.
gaussian process dynamic congestion models	adaptive collective routing
Factoring past exposure in display advertising targeting.
factoring past exposure	display advertising targeting
CatchSync: catching synchronized behavior in large directed graphs.
large directed graphs	catching synchronized behavior
Globalized bipartite local model for drug-target interaction prediction.
globalized bipartite local model	drug-target interaction prediction
Predict Risk of Relapse for Patients with Multiple Stages of Treatment of Depression.
multiple stages	predict risk
SNARE: a link analytic system for graph labeling and risk detection.
link analytic system	graph labeling	risk detection
Scalable inference in max-margin topic models.
max-margin topic models	scalable inference
Fast In-Memory Triangle Listing for Large Real-World Graphs.
fast in-memory triangle listing	large real-world graphs
Soft-CsGDT: soft cost-sensitive Gaussian decision tree for cost-sensitive classification of data streams.
soft cost-sensitive gaussian decision tree	cost-sensitive classification	data streams
Exploiting place features in link prediction on location-based social networks.
exploiting place features	location-based social networks	link prediction
A case study: privacy preserving release of spatio-temporal density in paris.
privacy preserving release	case study	spatio-temporal density
ThermoCast: a cyber-physical forecasting model for datacenters.
cyber-physical forecasting model
PET: a statistical model for popular events tracking in social communities.
popular events tracking	social communities	statistical model
Heterogeneous data fusion for alzheimer's disease study.
heterogeneous data fusion	disease study
Medicine in the age of electronic health records.
electronic health records
Parallel gibbs sampling for hierarchical dirichlet processes via gamma processes equivalence.
parallel gibbs sampling	hierarchical dirichlet processes	gamma processes equivalence
Generative models for rapid information propagation.
rapid information propagation	generative models
Ranking-based clustering of heterogeneous information networks with star network schema.
star network schema	heterogeneous information networks	ranking-based clustering
A privacy preserving framework for managing vehicle data in road pricing systems.
privacy preserving framework	road pricing systems	managing vehicle data
SIGMa: simple greedy matching for aligning large knowledge bases.
aligning large knowledge bases	simple greedy matching
Computational phenotype prediction of ionizing-radiation-resistant bacteria with a multiple-instance learning model.
multiple-instance learning model	computational phenotype prediction	ionizing-radiation-resistant bacteria
When Social Influence Meets Item Inference.
social influence meets item inference
Discerning Tactical Patterns for Professional Soccer Teams: An Enhanced Topic Model with Applications.
discerning tactical patterns	professional soccer teams	enhanced topic model
Balanced graph edge partition.
balanced graph edge partition
Named entity mining from click-through data using weakly supervised latent dirichlet allocation.
weakly supervised latent dirichlet allocation	named entity mining
Leveraging predictive modeling to reduce signal theft in a multi-service organization environment.
multi-service organization environment	reduce signal theft	leveraging predictive modeling
PTE: Enumerating Trillion Triangles On Distributed Systems.
enumerating trillion triangles	distributed systems
Relational learning via collective matrix factorization.
collective matrix factorization	relational learning
Unexpected challenges in large scale machine learning.
large scale machine learning	unexpected challenges
Proceedings of the 2nd ACM SIGKDD Workshop on Data Mining using Matrices and Tensors, Paris, France, June 28, 2009
2nd acm sigkdd workshop	data mining
On "one of the few" objects.
objects
A Clustering Algorithm Merging MCMC and EM Methods Using SQL Queries.
clustering algorithm merging mcmc	em methods	sql queries
Statistical Arbitrage Mining for Display Advertising.
statistical arbitrage mining	display advertising
Online discovery and maintenance of time series motifs.
time series motifs	online discovery
Predicting Optimal Facility Location without Customer Locations.
predicting optimal facility location	customer locations
Text classification, business intelligence, and interactivity: automating C-Sat analysis for services industry.
automating c-sat analysis	text classification	business intelligence	services industry
BoostCluster: boosting clustering by pairwise constraints.
boosting clustering	pairwise constraints
Data science through the lens of social science.
data science	social science
Internet scale data analysis.
internet scale data analysis
Unsupervised learning of disease progression models.
disease progression models	unsupervised learning
FpViz: a visualizer for frequent pattern mining.
frequent pattern mining
On the importance of temporal dynamics in modeling urban activity.
modeling urban activity	temporal dynamics
Discovery of significant emerging trends.
significant emerging trends
Detection of unique temporal segments by information theoretic meta-clustering.
unique temporal segments	information theoretic meta-clustering
A Recommender System Based on Local Random Walks and Spectral Methods.
local random walks	recommender system based	spectral methods
Assembler: Efficient Discovery of Spatial Co-evolving Patterns in Massive Geo-sensory Data.
spatial co-evolving patterns	massive geo-sensory data	efficient discovery
Chromatic correlation clustering.
chromatic correlation clustering
AnyDBC: An Efficient Anytime Density-based Clustering Algorithm for Very Large Complex Datasets.
efficient anytime density-based clustering algorithm	large complex datasets
Quantitative evaluation of approximate frequent pattern mining algorithms.
approximate frequent pattern mining algorithms	quantitative evaluation
Identifying tourists from public transport commuters.
public transport commuters	identifying tourists
Stratified k-means clustering over a deep web data source.
deep web data source	stratified k-means clustering
Inferring Air Quality for Station Location Recommendation Based on Urban Big Data.
station location recommendation based	urban big data	inferring air quality
FRAUDAR: Bounding Graph Fraud in the Face of Camouflage.
bounding graph fraud
Real-time air quality monitoring through mobile sensing in metropolitan areas.
real-time air quality monitoring	mobile sensing	metropolitan areas
Exploiting duality in summarization with deterministic guarantees.
exploiting duality	deterministic guarantees
Local Algorithm for User Action Prediction Towards Display Ads.
user action prediction	local algorithm	display ads
TurKit: tools for iterative tasks on mechanical Turk.
iterative tasks	mechanical turk
Proceedings of the 15th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Paris, France, June 28 - July 1, 2009
15th acm sigkdd international conference	knowledge discovery	data mining
LaSEWeb: automating search strategies over semi-structured web data.
semi-structured web data	automating search strategies
Efficient SimRank computation via linearizationPublication of this article pending inquiry.
efficient simrank computation	article pending inquiry
Estimating building simulation parameters via Bayesian structure learning.
estimating building simulation parameters	bayesian structure learning
Detecting abnormal coupled sequences and sequence changes in group-based manipulative trading behaviors.
group-based manipulative trading behaviors	detecting abnormal coupled sequences
Commonsense-based topic modeling.
commonsense-based topic modeling
XGBoost: A Scalable Tree Boosting System.
scalable tree boosting system
Compact and Scalable Graph Neighborhood Sketching.
scalable graph neighborhood sketching
Data-Driven Activity Prediction: Algorithms, Evaluation Methodology, and Applications.
data-driven activity prediction	evaluation methodology
Exploitation and exploration in a performance based contextual advertising system.
performance based contextual advertising system
STRIP: stream learning of influence probabilities.
stream learning	influence probabilities
Hadoop: a view from the trenches.
hadoop
Active exploration for learning rankings from clickthrough data.
clickthrough data	learning rankings	active exploration
Categorizing and mining concept drifting data streams.
mining concept drifting data streams
Incremental Dual-memory LSTM in Land Cover Prediction.
incremental dual-memory lstm	land cover prediction
Flexible constrained spectral clustering.
flexible constrained spectral clustering
Forecasting building occupancy using sensor network data.
forecasting building occupancy	sensor network data
Traffic Measurement and Route Recommendation System for Mass Rapid Transit (MRT).
route recommendation system	mass rapid transit	traffic measurement
Mining heterogeneous information networks: the next frontier.
mining heterogeneous information networks
A multi-task learning formulation for predicting disease progression.
predicting disease progression	multi-task learning formulation
An event-based framework for characterizing the evolutionary behavior of interaction graphs.
event-based framework	evolutionary behavior	interaction graphs
Cuts3vm: a fast semi-supervised svm algorithm.
fast semi-supervised svm algorithm
Classification of software behaviors for failure detection: a discriminative pattern mining approach.
discriminative pattern mining approach	software behaviors	failure detection
A Context-aware Attention Network for Interactive Question Answering.
context-aware attention network	interactive question answering
DivRank: the interplay of prestige and diversity in information networks.
information networks
Online feature selection for mining big data.
online feature selection	mining big data
Collective Sensemaking via Social Sensors: Extracting, Profiling, Analyzing, and Predicting Real-world Events.
predicting real-world events	collective sensemaking	social sensors
Evolutionary spectral clustering by incorporating temporal smoothness.
evolutionary spectral clustering	incorporating temporal smoothness
ABRA: Approximating Betweenness Centrality in Static and Dynamic Graphs with Rademacher Averages.
approximating betweenness centrality	dynamic graphs	rademacher averages
Embedding-based News Recommendation for Millions of Users.
embedding-based news recommendation
Identifying biologically relevant genes via multiple heterogeneous data sources.
identifying biologically relevant genes	multiple heterogeneous data sources
DeepProbe: Information Directed Sequence Understanding and Chatbot Design via Recurrent Neural Networks.
information directed sequence understanding	recurrent neural networks	chatbot design
Axiomatic ranking of network role similarity.
network role similarity	axiomatic ranking
Weighted graphs and disconnected components: patterns and a generator.
disconnected components	weighted graphs
Triangle listing in massive networks and its applications.
massive networks	triangle listing
Bringing data science to the speakers of every language.
bringing data science
Cartesian contour: a concise representation for a collection of frequent sets.
frequent sets	cartesian contour	concise representation
Compressing Graphs and Indexes with Recursive Graph Bisection.
recursive graph bisection	compressing graphs
Does social good justify risking personal privacy?
social good justify risking personal privacy
A Multiple Test Correction for Streams and Cascades of Statistical Hypothesis Tests.
multiple test correction	statistical hypothesis tests
Marble: high-throughput phenotyping from electronic health records via sparse nonnegative tensor factorization.
sparse nonnegative tensor factorization	electronic health records	high-throughput phenotyping
CatchTartan: Representing and Summarizing Dynamic Multicontextual Behaviors.
summarizing dynamic multicontextual behaviors
Learning in non-stationary environments with class imbalance.
non-stationary environments	class imbalance
Profit-maximizing cluster hires.
profit-maximizing cluster hires
Web Personalization and Recommender Systems.
web personalization	recommender systems
Understanding atrophy trajectories in alzheimer's disease using association rules on MRI images.
understanding atrophy trajectories	association rules	mri images
A family of dissimilarity measures between nodes generalizing both the shortest-path and the commute-time distances.
nodes generalizing	commute-time distances	dissimilarity measures
HyperLogLog Hyperextended: Sketches for Concave Sublinear Frequency Statistics.
concave sublinear frequency statistics	hyperloglog hyperextended
Real-Time Optimization of Web Publisher RTB Revenues.
web publisher rtb revenues	real-time optimization
Large margin distribution machine.
large margin distribution machine
The Simpler The Better: A Unified Approach to Predicting Original Taxi Demands based on Large-Scale Online Platforms.
predicting original taxi demands based	large-scale online platforms	unified approach
Reducing Data Loading Bottleneck with Coarse Feature Vectors for Large Scale Learning.
reducing data loading bottleneck	large scale learning	coarse feature vectors
A Taxi Order Dispatch Model based On Combinatorial Optimization.
taxi order dispatch model based	combinatorial optimization
A taxi business intelligence system.
taxi business intelligence system
An improved GLMNET for l1-regularized logistic regression.
l1-regularized logistic regression	improved glmnet
Balanced allocation with succinct representation.
balanced allocation	succinct representation
Mining the digital universe of data to develop personalized cancer therapies.
develop personalized cancer therapies	digital universe
Unsupervised link prediction using aggregative statistics on heterogeneous social networks.
unsupervised link prediction	heterogeneous social networks	aggregative statistics
Compass: Spatio Temporal Sentiment Analysis of US Election What Twitter Says!
spatio temporal sentiment analysis
Co-clustering on manifolds.
co-clustering
Methods for ordinal peer grading.
ordinal peer grading
Circle-based recommendation in online social networks.
online social networks	circle-based recommendation
Convex Optimization for Linear Query Processing under Approximate Differential Privacy.
approximate differential privacy	linear query processing	convex optimization
Entity-centric topic-oriented opinion summarization in twitter.
entity-centric topic-oriented opinion summarization
Information distance from a question to an answer.
information distance
TFX: A TensorFlow-Based Production-Scale Machine Learning Platform.
tensorflow-based production-scale machine learning platform
Document clustering via dirichlet process mixture model with feature selection.
dirichlet process mixture model	document clustering	feature selection
Network science: an introduction to recent statistical approaches.
recent statistical approaches	network science
From mining the web to inventing the new sciences underlying the internet.
sciences underlying
Mining mobility user profiles for car pooling.
mining mobility user profiles	car pooling
Stochastic Divergence Minimization for Online Collapsed Variational Bayes Zero Inference of Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
online collapsed variational bayes	stochastic divergence minimization	latent dirichlet allocation
Community Detection based on Distance Dynamics.
community detection based	distance dynamics
Experiences with mining temporal event sequences from electronic medical records: initial successes and some challenges.
mining temporal event sequences	electronic medical records	initial successes
Robust Influence Maximization.
robust influence maximization
Stackelberg games for adversarial prediction problems.
adversarial prediction problems	stackelberg games
Turn Waste into Wealth: On Simultaneous Clustering and Cleaning over Dirty Data.
dirty data	simultaneous clustering	turn waste
GELL: Automatic Extraction of Epidemiological Line Lists from Open Sources.
epidemiological line lists	automatic extraction	open sources
Detecting Network Effects: Randomizing Over Randomized Experiments.
detecting network effects	randomized experiments
Harnessing the wisdom of the crowds for accurate web page clipping.
accurate web page clipping
Active learning for sparse bayesian multilabel classification.
sparse bayesian multilabel classification	active learning
LWI-SVD: low-rank, windowed, incremental singular value decompositions on time-evolving data sets.
time-evolving data sets	incremental singular
Algorithms for interpretable machine learning.
interpretable machine learning
Compressing Convolutional Neural Networks in the Frequency Domain.
compressing convolutional neural networks	frequency domain
HinDroid: An Intelligent Android Malware Detection System Based on Structured Heterogeneous Information Network.
intelligent android malware detection system based	structured heterogeneous information network
Privacy, Security, and Trust in KDD, First ACM SIGKDD International Workshop, PinKDD 2007, San Jose, CA, USA, August 12, 2007, Revised Selected Papers
acm sigkdd international workshop	revised selected papers	san jose
A LRT framework for fast spatial anomaly detection.
fast spatial anomaly detection	lrt framework
Causal discovery in social media using quasi-experimental designs.
causal discovery	quasi-experimental designs	social media
Fast algorithms for comprehensive n-point correlation estimates.
comprehensive n-point correlation estimates	fast algorithms
Lift-based search for significant dependencies in dense data sets.
dense data sets	significant dependencies	lift-based search
Style in the long tail: discovering unique interests with latent variable models in large scale social E-commerce.
large scale social e-commerce	latent variable models	discovering unique interests	long tail
Anonymizing set-valued data by nonreciprocal recoding.
anonymizing set-valued data	nonreciprocal recoding
Interpreting Advertiser Intent in Sponsored Search.
interpreting advertiser intent	sponsored search
A spectral-based clustering algorithm for categorical data using data summaries.
spectral-based clustering algorithm	categorical data	data summaries
Studying blog features over link popularity.
studying blog features	link popularity
An exploration of climate data using complex networks.
complex networks	climate data
Utilizing Text Mining on Online Medical Forums to Predict Label Change due to Adverse Drug Reactions.
predict label change due	adverse drug reactions	utilizing text mining	online medical forums
Anomaly pattern detection in categorical datasets.
anomaly pattern detection	categorical datasets
Data Mining for Security Applications and Its Privacy Implications.
privacy implications	security applications	data mining
Heuristic approaches for time-lagged biclustering.
time-lagged biclustering	heuristic approaches
AssocExplorer: an association rule visualization system for exploratory data analysis.
association rule visualization system	exploratory data analysis
SCAN: a structural clustering algorithm for networks.
structural clustering algorithm
Beyond keyword search: discovering relevant scientific literature.
discovering relevant scientific literature	keyword search
Predicting Future Scientific Discoveries Based on a Networked Analysis of the Past Literature.
predicting future scientific discoveries based	past literature	networked analysis
Compressed fisher linear discriminant analysis: classification of randomly projected data.
compressed fisher linear discriminant analysis	randomly projected data
Optimized Risk Scores.
optimized risk scores
Partial example acquisition in cost-sensitive learning.
cost-sensitive learning
Predictive modeling in practice: a case study from sprint.
case study	predictive modeling
Learning binary codes for collaborative filtering.
learning binary codes	collaborative filtering
Parallel Lasso Screening for Big Data Optimization.
parallel lasso screening	big data optimization
Spatial-temporal causal modeling for climate change attribution.
climate change attribution	spatial-temporal causal modeling
Not All Passes Are Created Equal: Objectively Measuring the Risk and Reward of Passes in Soccer from Tracking Data.
created equal	objectively measuring	tracking data
Towards Robust and Versatile Causal Discovery for Business Applications.
versatile causal discovery	business applications
Towards social user profiling: unified and discriminative influence model for inferring home locations.
inferring home locations	social user profiling	discriminative influence model
TrioVecEvent: Embedding-Based Online Local Event Detection in Geo-Tagged Tweet Streams.
embedding-based online local event detection	geo-tagged tweet streams
Extreme States Distribution Decomposition Method for Search Engine Online Evaluation.
extreme states distribution decomposition method	search engine online evaluation
From bias to opinion: a transfer-learning approach to real-time sentiment analysis.
real-time sentiment analysis	transfer-learning approach
Regularization paths and coordinate descent.
coordinate descent	regularization paths
Efficient single-source shortest path and distance queries on large graphs.
efficient single-source shortest path	large graphs	distance queries
A frequent pattern based framework for event detection in sensor network stream data.
frequent pattern based framework	sensor network stream data	event detection
Inferring social roles and statuses in social networks.
inferring social roles	social networks
A multi-resolution approach to learning with overlapping communities.
multi-resolution approach	overlapping communities
Large-Scale Item Categorization in e-Commerce Using Multiple Recurrent Neural Networks.
multiple recurrent neural networks	large-scale item categorization
Contextual rule-based feature engineering for author-paper identification.
contextual rule-based feature engineering	author-paper identification
Design principles of massive, robust prediction systems.
robust prediction systems	design principles
Structured Hedging for Resource Allocations with Leverage.
structured hedging	resource allocations
Dense Subgraph Discovery: KDD 2015 tutorial.
dense subgraph discovery	kdd 2015 tutorial
Cost-effective outbreak detection in networks.
cost-effective outbreak detection
The Co-Evolution Model for Social Network Evolving and Opinion Migration.
social network evolving	opinion migration	co-evolution model
Scalable heterogeneous translated hashing.
scalable heterogeneous translated hashing
Relational learning via latent social dimensions.
latent social dimensions	relational learning
Large scale predictive modeling for micro-simulation of 3G air interface load.
large scale predictive modeling	3g air interface load
Simultaneous feature and feature group selection through hard thresholding.
feature group selection	simultaneous feature	hard thresholding
Integrating Vertex-centric Clustering with Edge-centric Clustering for Meta Path Graph Analysis.
meta path graph analysis	integrating vertex-centric clustering	edge-centric clustering
Social networks integration and privacy preservation using subgraph generalization.
social networks integration	subgraph generalization	privacy preservation
Efficient personalized pagerank with accuracy assurance.
efficient personalized pagerank	accuracy assurance
Causal Clustering for 1-Factor Measurement Models.
1-factor measurement models	causal clustering
Scalable Betweenness Centrality Maximization via Sampling.
scalable betweenness centrality maximization
Instance Weighting for Patient-Specific Risk Stratification Models.
patient-specific risk stratification models	instance weighting
Privacy-preserving data exploration in genome-wide association studies.
privacy-preserving data exploration	genome-wide association studies
Improved Bounds on the Dot Product under Random Projection and Random Sign Projection.
random sign projection	random projection	improved bounds	dot product
Online Optimization Methods for the Quantification Problem.
online optimization methods	quantification problem
Efficient and domain-invariant competitor mining.
domain-invariant competitor mining
Guilt by association: large scale malware detection by mining file-relation graphs.
large scale malware detection	mining file-relation graphs
Detecting Devastating Diseases in Search Logs.
detecting devastating diseases	search logs
Proceedings of the 2nd International Workshop on Big Data, Streams and Heterogeneous Source Mining: Algorithms, Systems, Programming Models and Applications, BigMine 2013, Chicago, IL, USA, August 11, 2013
2nd international workshop	heterogeneous source mining	big data	programming models
Interactive learning for efficiently detecting errors in insurance claims.
efficiently detecting errors	insurance claims	interactive learning
Learning classifiers from only positive and unlabeled data.
learning classifiers	unlabeled data
RSC: Mining and Modeling Temporal Activity in Social Media.
modeling temporal activity	social media
Contextual Intent Tracking for Personal Assistants.
contextual intent tracking	personal assistants
REMIX: Automated Exploration for Interactive Outlier Detection.
interactive outlier detection	automated exploration
Scalable pseudo-likelihood estimation in hybrid random fields.
scalable pseudo-likelihood estimation	hybrid random fields
Prediction of user location using the radiation model and social check-ins.
radiation model	user location	social check-ins
Bid optimizing and inventory scoring in targeted online advertising.
targeted online advertising	bid optimizing	inventory scoring
PReP: Path-Based Relevance from a Probabilistic Perspective in Heterogeneous Information Networks.
heterogeneous information networks	probabilistic perspective	path-based relevance
On the semantic annotation of places in location-based social networks.
location-based social networks	semantic annotation
Deep learning.
deep learning
Community detection in graphs through correlation.
community detection
Multi-way set enumeration in real-valued tensors.
set enumeration	real-valued tensors
Skinny-dip: Clustering in a Sea of Noise.
clustering
Adapting the right measures for K-means clustering.
k-means clustering
Parallel community detection on large networks with propinquity dynamics.
parallel community detection	large networks	propinquity dynamics
Spotting out emerging artists using geo-aware analysis of P2P query strings.
p2p query strings	geo-aware analysis	emerging artists
Tagmark: reliable estimations of RFID tags for business processes.
business processes	reliable estimations	rfid tags
GRAM: Graph-based Attention Model for Healthcare Representation Learning.
healthcare representation learning	graph-based attention model
Reconstructing chemical reaction networks: data mining meets system identification.
data mining meets system identification	reconstructing chemical reaction networks
Using physicochemical properties of amino acids to induce graphical models of residue couplings.
induce graphical models	residue couplings	amino acids	physicochemical properties
Social influence based clustering of heterogeneous information networks.
social influence based clustering	heterogeneous information networks
Multi-label learning by exploiting label dependency.
exploiting label dependency	multi-label learning
Computational epidemiology.
computational epidemiology
Combining file content and file relations for cloud based malware detection.
cloud based malware detection	combining file content	file relations
Nestedness and segmented nestedness.
segmented nestedness
TourViz: interactive visualization of connection pathways in large graphs.
large graphs	interactive visualization	connection pathways
Cinema Data Mining: The Smell of Fear.
cinema data mining
Targeting direct cash transfers to the extremely poor.
targeting direct cash transfers	extremely poor
Evaluating online ad campaigns in a pipeline: causal models at scale.
evaluating online ad campaigns	causal models
A PCA-Based Change Detection Framework for Multidimensional Data Streams: Change Detection in Multidimensional Data Streams.
pca-based change detection framework	multidimensional data streams	change detection
Finding tribes: identifying close-knit individuals from employment patterns.
identifying close-knit individuals	employment patterns	finding tribes
Online allocation of display advertisements subject to advanced sales contracts.
display advertisements subject	advanced sales contracts	online allocation
Towards mobility-based clustering.
mobility-based clustering
Accelerating the Race to Autonomous Cars.
autonomous cars
Structural Deep Brain Network Mining.
structural deep brain network mining
Planning Bike Lanes based on Sharing-Bikes' Trajectories.
planning bike lanes based
On the Discovery of Evolving Truth.
evolving truth
DeepSD: Generating High Resolution Climate Change Projections through Single Image Super-Resolution.
generating high resolution climate change projections	single image super-resolution
A fast and scalable clustering-based approach for constructing reliable radiation hybrid maps.
constructing reliable radiation hybrid maps	scalable clustering-based approach
Social Network Mining with Nonparametric Relational Models.
nonparametric relational models	social network mining
Diversity maximization under matroid constraints.
diversity maximization	matroid constraints
BC-PDM: data mining, social network analysis and text mining system based on cloud computing.
text mining system based	social network analysis	data mining	cloud computing
Structural Neighborhood Based Classification of Nodes in a Network.
structural neighborhood based classification
From Prediction to Action: A Closed-Loop Approach for Data-Guided Network Resource Allocation.
data-guided network resource allocation	closed-loop approach
Fast Component Pursuit for Large-Scale Inverse Covariance Estimation.
large-scale inverse covariance estimation	fast component pursuit
Multi-Aspect Streaming Tensor Completion.
multi-aspect streaming tensor completion
Modeling professional similarity by mining professional career trajectories.
mining professional career trajectories	modeling professional similarity
Detecting moving object outliers in massive-scale trajectory streams.
detecting moving object outliers	massive-scale trajectory streams
Annotating Needles in the Haystack without Looking: Product Information Extraction from Emails.
product information extraction	annotating needles
Contextual Embedding for Distributed Representations of Entities in a Text Corpus.
text corpus	contextual embedding	distributed representations
Feedback effects between similarity and social influence in online communities.
online communities	social influence	feedback effects
CHIRP: a new classifier based on composite hypercubes on iterated random projections.
iterated random projections	classifier based	composite hypercubes
Unsupervised clustering of multidimensional distributions using earth mover distance.
earth mover distance	unsupervised clustering	multidimensional distributions
Empirical bayes model to combine signals of adverse drug reactions.
adverse drug reactions	empirical bayes model	combine signals
Detecting time series motifs under uniform scaling.
detecting time series motifs	uniform scaling
Exploiting Data Mining for Authenticity Assessment and Protection of High-Quality Italian Wines from Piedmont.
high-quality italian wines	exploiting data mining	authenticity assessment
Adversary Resistant Deep Neural Networks with an Application to Malware Detection.
adversary resistant deep neural networks	malware detection
Semantic relation extraction with kernels over typed dependency trees.
typed dependency trees	semantic relation extraction
Seven pitfalls to avoid when running controlled experiments on the web.
running controlled experiments
RolX: structural role extraction & mining in large graphs.
structural role extraction & mining	large graphs
Towards fine-grained urban traffic knowledge extraction using mobile sensing.
fine-grained urban traffic knowledge extraction	mobile sensing
Collective Spammer Detection in Evolving Multi-Relational Social Networks.
evolving multi-relational social networks	collective spammer detection
Targeted Topic Modeling for Focused Analysis.
targeted topic modeling	focused analysis
Budget pacing for targeted online advertisements at LinkedIn.
targeted online advertisements	budget pacing
A Practical Exploration System for Search Advertising.
practical exploration system	search advertising
Rank-directed layout of UML class diagrams.
uml class diagrams	rank-directed layout
Semi-Markov Switching Vector Autoregressive Model-Based Anomaly Detection in Aviation Systems.
semi-markov switching vector autoregressive model-based anomaly detection	aviation systems
A Collective Bayesian Poisson Factorization Model for Cold-start Local Event Recommendation.
collective bayesian poisson factorization model	cold-start local event recommendation
Guided learning for role discovery (GLRD): framework, algorithms, and applications.
role discovery	guided learning
Pictor: an interactive system for importing data from a website.
importing data	interactive system
Preface.
preface
Learning from Labeled and Unlabeled Vertices in Networks.
unlabeled vertices
The Wisdom of Crowds: Best Practices for Data Prep & Machine Learning Derived from Millions of Data Science Workflows.
data prep & machine learning derived	data science workflows
High density-focused uncertainty sampling for active learning over evolving stream data.
high density-focused uncertainty sampling	evolving stream data	active learning
Solving combinatorial optimization problems using relaxed linear programming: a high performance computing perspective.
high performance computing perspective	solving combinatorial optimization problems	relaxed linear programming
Characterizing individual communication patterns.
characterizing individual communication patterns
Proactive workflow modeling by stochastic processes with application to healthcare operation and management.
proactive workflow modeling	stochastic processes	healthcare operation
Social Media Anomaly Detection: Challenges and Solutions.
social media anomaly detection
Mining partially annotated images.
mining partially annotated images
Mining emerging patterns by streaming feature selection.
streaming feature selection	mining emerging patterns
Graphons and Machine Learning: Modeling and Estimation of Sparse Massive Networks.
sparse massive networks	machine learning
DeepMood: Modeling Mobile Phone Typing Dynamics for Mood Detection.
modeling mobile phone typing dynamics	mood detection
SHALE: an efficient algorithm for allocation of guaranteed display advertising.
guaranteed display advertising	efficient algorithm
"The Leicester City Fairytale?": Utilizing New Soccer Analytics Tools to Compare Performance in the 15/16 & 16/17 EPL Seasons.
15/16 & 16/17 epl seasons	leicester city fairytale	soccer analytics tools	compare performance
Proceedings of the 7th Workshop on Social Network Mining and Analysis, SNAKDD 2013, Chicago, IL, USA, August 11, 2013
social network mining	7th workshop
Big Data Needs Big Dreamers: Lessons from Successful Big Data Investors.
successful big data investors	big data	big dreamers
Why label when you can search?: alternatives to active learning for applying human resources to build classification models under extreme class imbalance.
extreme class imbalance	applying human resources	build classification models	active learning
Mining coherent subgraphs in multi-layer graphs with edge labels.
mining coherent subgraphs	multi-layer graphs	edge labels
Brain effective connectivity modeling for alzheimer's disease by sparse gaussian bayesian network.
brain effective connectivity modeling	sparse gaussian bayesian network
Mining Subgroups with Exceptional Transition Behavior.
exceptional transition behavior	mining subgroups
Combining link and content for community detection: a discriminative approach.
community detection	combining link	discriminative approach
An integrated machine learning approach to stroke prediction.
integrated machine learning approach	stroke prediction
Dynamics of conversations.
conversations
A GPU-tailored approach for training kernelized SVMs.
training kernelized svms	gpu-tailored approach
Unveiling clusters of events for alert and incident management in large-scale enterprise it.
incident management	large-scale enterprise	unveiling clusters
Extracting social events for learning better information diffusion models.
extracting social events	information diffusion models
Going In-Depth: Finding Longform on the Web.
finding longform
Experience with discovering knowledge by acquiring it.
discovering knowledge
Using ghost edges for classification in sparsely labeled networks.
sparsely labeled networks	ghost edges
Exploring venue-based city-to-city similarity measures.
exploring venue-based city-to-city similarity measures
Predicting Disk Replacement towards Reliable Data Centers.
reliable data centers	predicting disk replacement
User-centered design of a social game to tag music.
user-centered design	tag music	social game
Addressing the attack attribution problem using knowledge discovery and multi-criteria fuzzy decision-making.
multi-criteria fuzzy decision-making	attack attribution problem	knowledge discovery
Enhanced max margin learning on multimodal data mining in a multimedia database.
enhanced max margin learning	multimodal data mining	multimedia database
Evaluation of an algorithm for aspect-based opinion mining using a lexicon-based approach.
aspect-based opinion mining	lexicon-based approach
Towards Decision Support and Goal Achievement: Identifying Action-Outcome Relationships From Social Media.
identifying action-outcome relationships	social media	decision support	goal achievement
CAPRI: a tool for mining complex line patterns in large log data.
mining complex line patterns	large log data
FoodSIS: a text mining system to improve the state of food safety in singapore.
text mining system	food safety
Predicting Ambulance Demand: a Spatio-Temporal Kernel Approach.
predicting ambulance demand	spatio-temporal kernel approach
Graph sample and hold: a framework for big-graph analytics.
big-graph analytics	graph sample
Learning multifractal structure in large networks.
learning multifractal structure	large networks
A Fast Distributed Stochastic Gradient Descent Algorithm for Matrix Factorization.
fast distributed stochastic gradient descent algorithm	matrix factorization
Trace complexity of network inference.
network inference	trace complexity
KunPeng: Parameter Server based Distributed Learning Systems and Its Applications in Alibaba and Ant Financial.
parameter server based distributed learning systems	ant financial
Beyond myopic inference in big data pipelines.
big data pipelines	myopic inference
Internet advertising and optimal auction design.
optimal auction design	internet advertising
Frequent pattern mining with uncertain data.
frequent pattern mining	uncertain data
Predictive Modeling for Public Health: Preventing Childhood Lead Poisoning.
preventing childhood lead poisoning	public health	predictive modeling
Multi-space probabilistic sequence modeling.
multi-space probabilistic sequence modeling
Handling missing values and censored data in PCA of pharmacological matrices.
handling missing values	censored data	pharmacological matrices
Parallel field ranking.
parallel field ranking
Discovering Reliable Approximate Functional Dependencies.
discovering reliable approximate functional dependencies
Temporal mining for interactive workflow data analysis.
interactive workflow data analysis	temporal mining
Exact sparse recovery with L0 projections.
exact sparse recovery	l0 projections
Fast approximate spectral clustering.
fast approximate spectral clustering
VOXSUP: a social engagement framework.
social engagement framework
Proceedings of the 5th International Workshop on Big Data, Streams and Heterogeneous Source Mining: Algorithms, Systems, Programming Models and Applications, BigMine 2016, San Francisco, CA, USA, August 14, 2016
5th international workshop	heterogeneous source mining	big data	san francisco	programming models
Collaborative Deep Learning for Recommender Systems.
collaborative deep learning	recommender systems
Volatile correlation computation: a checkpoint view.
volatile correlation computation	checkpoint view
Inferring gas consumption and pollution emission of vehicles throughout a city.
inferring gas consumption	pollution emission
Multimedia features for click prediction of new ads in display advertising.
multimedia features	display advertising	click prediction
Clustering very large multi-dimensional datasets with MapReduce.
large multi-dimensional datasets
Discovering frequent subgraphs over uncertain graph databases under probabilistic semantics.
uncertain graph databases	discovering frequent subgraphs	probabilistic semantics
More than the Sum of its Parts: Building Domino Data Lab.
building domino data lab
Computational Social Science: Exciting Progress and Future Challenges.
computational social science	future challenges	exciting progress
Query-driven discovery of semantically similar substructures in heterogeneous networks.
semantically similar substructures	heterogeneous networks	query-driven discovery
Turning down the noise in the blogosphere.
noise
Probabilistic frequent itemset mining in uncertain databases.
probabilistic frequent itemset mining	uncertain databases
SPIRAL: efficient and exact model identification for hidden Markov models.
hidden markov models	exact model identification
When is a Network a Network?: Multi-Order Graphical Model Selection in Pathways and Temporal Networks.
multi-order graphical model selection	temporal networks
'Beating the news' with EMBERS: forecasting civil unrest using open source indicators.
forecasting civil unrest	open source indicators
Two-locus association mapping in subquadratic time.
two-locus association mapping	subquadratic time
Discovering spatio-temporal causal interactions in traffic data streams.
discovering spatio-temporal causal interactions	traffic data streams
Internet Device Graphs.
internet device graphs
Transfer metric learning by learning task relationships.
learning task relationships	transfer metric learning
AMETHYST: a system for mining and exploring topical hierarchies of heterogeneous data.
exploring topical hierarchies	heterogeneous data
Evolutionary hierarchical dirichlet processes for multiple correlated time-varying corpora.
evolutionary hierarchical dirichlet processes	multiple correlated time-varying corpora
Transfer Learning for Bilingual Content Classification.
bilingual content classification	transfer learning
Planning and Learning under Uncertainty: Theory and Practice.
practice
Cross-lingual polarity detection with machine translation.
cross-lingual polarity detection	machine translation
Capacitated team formation problem on social networks.
capacitated team formation problem	social networks
Mining favorable facets.
mining favorable facets
KATE: K-Competitive Autoencoder for Text.
k-competitive autoencoder
Cross domain distribution adaptation via kernel mapping.
cross domain distribution adaptation	kernel mapping
Ensemble pruning via individual contribution ordering.
individual contribution ordering	ensemble pruning
Simultaneous Modeling of Multiple Diseases for Mortality Prediction in Acute Hospital Care.
acute hospital care	multiple diseases	simultaneous modeling	mortality prediction
Modeling mass protest adoption in social network communities using geometric brownian motion.
modeling mass protest adoption	geometric brownian motion	social network communities
The Future of Data Integration.
data integration
Unsupervised feature selection for principal components analysis.
unsupervised feature selection	principal components analysis
Simultaneous tensor subspace selection and clustering: the equivalence of high order svd and k-means clustering.
simultaneous tensor subspace selection	high order svd
The 18th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, KDD '12, Beijing, China, August 12-16, 2012
18th acm sigkdd international conference	august 12-16	knowledge discovery	data mining
Transitive Transfer Learning.
transitive transfer learning
Modeling and predicting user behavior in sponsored search.
predicting user behavior	sponsored search
Applying Link-Based Classification to Label Blogs.
applying link-based classification	label blogs
Selecting a comprehensive set of reviews.
comprehensive set
Personal privacy vs population privacy: learning to attack anonymization.
personal privacy	attack anonymization	population privacy
A phrase mining framework for recursive construction of a topical hierarchy.
phrase mining framework	topical hierarchy	recursive construction
Predicting student risks through longitudinal analysis.
predicting student risks	longitudinal analysis
An efficient algorithm for weak hierarchical lasso.
weak hierarchical lasso	efficient algorithm
Large linear classification when data cannot fit in memory.
large linear classification
Locally Densest Subgraph Discovery.
locally densest subgraph discovery
CoCo: coding cost for parameter-free outlier detection.
parameter-free outlier detection	coding cost
DUST: a generalized notion of similarity between uncertain time series.
uncertain time series	generalized notion
Uncertainty in online experiments with dependent data: an evaluation of bootstrap methods.
bootstrap methods	dependent data	online experiments
Fast collapsed gibbs sampling for latent dirichlet allocation.
fast collapsed gibbs sampling	latent dirichlet allocation
Exploration and visualization of OLAP cubes with statistical tests.
olap cubes	statistical tests
Parallel Graph Mining with GPUs.
parallel graph mining
Cascade Ranking for Operational E-commerce Search.
operational e-commerce search	cascade ranking
Online Dual Decomposition for Performance and Delivery-Based Distributed Ad Allocation.
delivery-based distributed ad allocation	online dual decomposition
Network flows and the link prediction problem.
link prediction problem	network flows
Interactive Visual Big Data Analytics for Large Area Farm Biosecurity Monitoring: i-EKbase System.
large area farm biosecurity monitoring	interactive visual big data analytics	i-ekbase system
Crime Rate Inference with Big Data.
crime rate inference	big data
Robust Extreme Multi-label Learning.
robust extreme multi-label learning
Fast and Robust Parallel SGD Matrix Factorization.
robust parallel sgd matrix factorization
Preference Ontologies based on Social Media for compensating the Cold Start Problem.
preference ontologies based	cold start problem	social media
Latent aspect rating analysis without aspect keyword supervision.
latent aspect rating analysis	aspect keyword supervision
Subjectively Interesting Component Analysis: Data Projections that Contrast with Prior Expectations.
subjectively interesting component analysis	prior expectations	data projections
Mining brain region connectivity for alzheimer's disease study via sparse inverse covariance estimation.
mining brain region connectivity	sparse inverse covariance estimation	disease study
Web information extraction using markov logic networks.
markov logic networks	web information extraction
Optimal exact least squares rank minimization.
squares rank minimization	optimal exact
Efficient and effective explanation of change in hierarchical summaries.
hierarchical summaries	effective explanation
Customer targeting models using actively-selected web content.
customer targeting models	actively-selected web content
Deploying Analytics with the Portable Format for Analytics (PFA).
portable format
CRO: a system for online review structurization.
online review structurization
Denser than the densest subgraph: extracting optimal quasi-cliques with quality guarantees.
extracting optimal quasi-cliques	densest subgraph	quality guarantees
One-Pass Ranking Models for Low-Latency Product Recommendations.
low-latency product recommendations	one-pass ranking models
Using data mining techniques to address critical information exchange needs in disaster affected public-private networks.
disaster affected public-private networks	address critical information exchange	data mining techniques
Stochastic processes and temporal data mining.
temporal data mining	stochastic processes
Combining predictions for accurate recommender systems.
accurate recommender systems	combining predictions
Whose "city of tomorrow" is it?: on urban computing, utopianism, and ethics.
urban computing
STED: semi-supervised targeted-interest event detectionin in twitter.
semi-supervised targeted-interest event detectionin
Unified and Contrasting Cuts in Multiple Graphs: Application to Medical Imaging Segmentation.
medical imaging segmentation	multiple graphs	contrasting cuts
Learning optimal ranking with tensor factorization for tag recommendation.
learning optimal ranking	tensor factorization	tag recommendation
Early Prediction of Cardiac Arrest (Code Blue) using Electronic Medical Records.
electronic medical records	code blue	cardiac arrest	early prediction
Small Batch or Large Batch?: Gaussian Walk with Rebound Can Teach.
small batch	large batch	gaussian walk
Learning with Similarity Functions on Graphs using Matchings of Geometric Embeddings.
geometric embeddings	similarity functions
Meta Structure: Computing Relevance in Large Heterogeneous Information Networks.
large heterogeneous information networks	meta structure	computing relevance
FEMA: flexible evolutionary multi-faceted analysis for dynamic behavioral pattern discovery.
dynamic behavioral pattern discovery	flexible evolutionary multi-faceted analysis
Learning the kernel matrix in discriminant analysis via quadratically constrained quadratic programming.
quadratically constrained quadratic programming	discriminant analysis	kernel matrix
The interplay between dynamics and networks: centrality, communities, and cheeger inequality.
cheeger inequality
Singapore in Motion: Insights on Public Transport Service Level Through Farecard and Mobile Data Analytics.
public transport service level	mobile data analytics
Proceedings of the 1st ACM SIGKDD Workshop on Knowledge Discovery from Uncertain Data, Paris, France, June 28, 2009
1st acm sigkdd workshop	uncertain data	knowledge discovery
Scale-out beyond map-reduce.
scale-
Extracting shared subspace for multi-label classification.
extracting shared subspace	multi-label classification
On Estimating the Swapping Rate for Categorical Data.
swapping rate	categorical data
Heterogeneous Network Embedding via Deep Architectures.
heterogeneous network embedding	deep architectures
Spectral domain-transfer learning.
spectral domain-transfer learning
An Intelligent Customer Care Assistant System for Large-Scale Cellular Network Diagnosis.
intelligent customer care assistant system	large-scale cellular network diagnosis
Data Driven Science: SIGKDD Panel.
data driven science	sigkdd panel
JobMiner: a real-time system for mining job-related patterns from social media.
mining job-related patterns	social media	real-time system
Large-scale high-precision topic modeling on twitter.
large-scale high-precision topic modeling
An Ad Omnia Approach to Defining and Achieving Private Data Analysis.
achieving private data analysis	ad omnia approach
Optimized Cost per Click in Taobao Display Advertising.
taobao display advertising	optimized cost
Active learning for node classification in assortative and disassortative networks.
node classification	disassortative networks	active learning
Statistical Emerging Pattern Mining with Multiple Testing Correction.
statistical emerging pattern mining	multiple testing correction
Predicting Serves in Tennis using Style Priors.
predicting serves	style priors
Query result clustering for object-level search.
query result clustering	object-level search
Jointly modeling aspects, ratings and sentiments for movie recommendation (JMARS).
jointly modeling aspects	movie recommendation
User position measures in social networks.
user position measures	social networks
Matching users and items across domains to improve the recommendation quality.
recommendation quality	matching users
A Non-parametric Approach to Detect Epileptogenic Lesions using Restricted Boltzmann Machines.
restricted boltzmann machines	detect epileptogenic lesions	non-parametric approach
A data driven approach to diagnosing and treating disease.
data driven approach	treating disease
DenseAlert: Incremental Dense-Subtensor Detection in Tensor Streams.
incremental dense-subtensor detection	tensor streams
Social action tracking via noise tolerant time-varying factor graphs.
noise tolerant time-varying factor graphs	social action tracking
Interacting viruses in networks: can both survive?
interacting viruses
Issues in evaluation of stream learning algorithms.
stream learning algorithms
Detecting adversarial advertisements in the wild.
detecting adversarial advertisements
Automatic Synonym Discovery with Knowledge Bases.
automatic synonym discovery	knowledge bases
Combinational collaborative filtering for personalized community recommendation.
combinational collaborative filtering	personalized community recommendation
Mining web logs: applications and challenges.
mining web logs
Corroborate and learn facts from the web.
learn facts
The missing models: a data-driven approach for learning how networks grow.
missing models	networks grow	data-driven approach
Contextual Feature Analysis to Improve Link Prediction for Location Based Social Networks.
location based social networks	contextual feature analysis	improve link prediction
Ensembles of Adaptive Model Rules from High-Speed Data Streams.
high-speed data streams	adaptive model rules
Patient Subtyping via Time-Aware LSTM Networks.
time-aware lstm networks	patient subtyping
Reconstructing Textual Documents from n-grams.
reconstructing textual documents
Algebraic visual analysis: the Catalano phone call data set case study.
catalano phone call data set case study	algebraic visual analysis
Real Time Recommendations from Connoisseurs.
real time recommendations
Algorithmic Cartography: Placing Points of Interest and Ads on Maps.
algorithmic cartography	placing points
Structural Diversity and Homophily: A Study Across More Than One Hundred Big Networks.
hundred big networks	structural diversity
Mining text snippets for images on the web.
mining text snippets
Scalable Blocking for Privacy Preserving Record Linkage.
privacy preserving record linkage	scalable blocking
A cost-effective recommender system for taxi drivers.
cost-effective recommender system	taxi drivers
Estimating rates of rare events at multiple resolutions.
rare events	multiple resolutions	estimating rates
Machine Learning for Encrypted Malware Traffic Classification: Accounting for Noisy Labels and Non-Stationarity.
encrypted malware traffic classification	noisy labels	machine learning
Distributed Multi-Task Relationship Learning.
distributed multi-task relationship learning
Sequential latent semantic indexing.
sequential latent semantic indexing
Unbiased online active learning in data streams.
unbiased online active learning	data streams
AESOP: Automatic Policy Learning for Predicting and Mitigating Network Service Impairments.
mitigating network service impairments	automatic policy learning
GLAD: group anomaly detection in social media analysis.
group anomaly detection	social media analysis
Discovering Collective Narratives of Theme Parks from Large Collections of Visitors' Photo Streams.
discovering collective narratives	photo streams	theme parks	large collections
Proceedings of the 17th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, San Diego, CA, USA, August 21-24, 2011
17th acm sigkdd international conference	san diego	knowledge discovery	august 21-24	data mining
Subsampling for efficient and effective unsupervised outlier detection ensembles.
effective unsupervised outlier detection ensembles
Gradient boosted feature selection.
gradient boosted feature selection
Leveraging user libraries to bootstrap collaborative filtering.
leveraging user libraries	bootstrap collaborative filtering
Interpretable Decision Sets: A Joint Framework for Description and Prediction.
interpretable decision sets	joint framework
Correlation clustering: from theory to practice.
correlation clustering
MultiRank: co-ranking for objects and relations in multi-relational data.
multi-relational data
Anomaly Detection Using Program Control Flow Graph Mining From Execution Logs.
program control flow graph mining	execution logs	anomaly detection
Advances in Web Mining and Web Usage Analysis, 9th International Workshop on Knowledge Discovery on the Web, WebKDD 2007, and 1st International Workshop on Social Networks Analysis, SNA-KDD 2007, San Jose, CA, USA, August 12-15, 2007. Revised Papers
social networks analysis	1st international workshop	9th international workshop	web usage analysis	revised papers	san jose	knowledge discovery	august 12-15	web mining
Collaborative topic modeling for recommending scientific articles.
recommending scientific articles	collaborative topic modeling
Multi-Modality Disease Modeling via Collective Deep Matrix Factorization.
collective deep matrix factorization	multi-modality disease modeling
A Data Science Approach to Understanding Residential Water Contamination in Flint.
understanding residential water contamination	data science approach
The information diffusion model in the blog world.
information diffusion model	blog world
Vertex neighborhoods, low conductance cuts, and good seeds for local community methods.
low conductance cuts	local community methods	vertex neighborhoods	good seeds
On-board analysis of uncalibrated data for a spacecraft at mars.
on-board analysis	uncalibrated data
Unifying learning to rank and domain adaptation: enabling cross-task document scoring.
enabling cross-task document scoring	domain adaptation	unifying learning
Mining social networks for personalized email prioritization.
mining social networks	personalized email prioritization
Disease Propagation in Social Networks: A Novel Study of Infection Genesis and Spread on Twitter.
infection genesis	social networks	disease propagation
Risk-O-Meter: an intelligent clinical risk calculator.
intelligent clinical risk calculator
An analysis of perspectives in interactive settings.
interactive settings
Quick Sensitivity Analysis for Incremental Data Modification and Its Application to Leave-one-out CV in Linear Classification Problems.
incremental data modification	linear classification problems	quick sensitivity analysis
Large scale visual recommendations from street fashion images.
large scale visual recommendations	street fashion images
Images Don't Lie: Transferring Deep Visual Semantic Features to Large-Scale Multimodal Learning to Rank.
transferring deep visual semantic features	large-scale multimodal learning	images don
The Effectiveness of Marketing Strategies in Social Media: Evidence from Promotional Events.
social media	promotional events	marketing strategies
Mining program workflow from interleaved traces.
mining program workflow	interleaved traces
Should You Trust Your Money to a Robot?
money
Which Tweets Will Be Headlines? A Hierarchical Bayesian Model for Bridging Social Media and Traditional Media.
hierarchical bayesian model	bridging social media	traditional media
Non-exhaustive, Overlapping Clustering via Low-Rank Semidefinite Programming.
low-rank semidefinite programming	overlapping clustering
Understanding users' satisfaction for search engine evaluation.
search engine evaluation	understanding users
Microscopic evolution of social networks.
microscopic evolution	social networks
The new iris data: modular data generators.
modular data generators	iris data
An Effective Marketing Strategy for Revenue Maximization with a Quantity Constraint.
effective marketing strategy	revenue maximization	quantity constraint
Scalable hands-free transfer learning for online advertising.
scalable hands-free transfer learning	online advertising
Transparent user models for personalization.
transparent user models
Customer Lifetime Value Prediction Using Embeddings.
customer lifetime
A Practical Algorithm for Solving the Incoherence Problem of Topic Models In Industrial Applications.
practical algorithm	industrial applications	topic models	incoherence problem
Semi-supervised sparse metric learning using alternating linearization optimization.
semi-supervised sparse metric learning	alternating linearization optimization
Classification of functional magnetic resonance imaging data using informative pattern features.
functional magnetic resonance imaging data	informative pattern features
Learning with a non-exhaustive training dataset: a case study: detection of bacteria cultures using optical-scattering technology.
non-exhaustive training dataset	bacteria cultures	case study	optical-scattering technology
FBLG: a simple and effective approach for temporal dependence discovery from time series data.
time series data	temporal dependence discovery	effective approach
Extracting semantic relations from query logs.
extracting semantic relations	query logs
EmbedJoin: Efficient Edit Similarity Joins via Embeddings.
efficient edit similarity joins
Surveying the complementary role of automatic data analysis and visualization in knowledge discovery.
automatic data analysis	knowledge discovery	complementary role
Community evolution in dynamic multi-mode networks.
dynamic multi-mode networks	community evolution
Dynamic Attention Deep Model for Article Recommendation by Learning Human Editors' Demonstration.
dynamic attention deep model	learning human editors	article recommendation
Longitudinal LASSO: Jointly Learning Features and Temporal Contingency for Outcome Prediction.
jointly learning features	longitudinal lasso	outcome prediction	temporal contingency
Fast logistic regression for text categorization with variable-length n-grams.
fast logistic regression	variable-length n-grams	text categorization
Unsupervised deduplication using cross-field dependencies.
unsupervised deduplication	cross-field dependencies
Active learning using on-line algorithms.
on-line algorithms	active learning
Mind the gaps: weighting the unknown in large-scale one-class collaborative filtering.
large-scale one-class collaborative filtering
Joint optimization of wrapper generation and template detection.
joint optimization	wrapper generation	template detection
Class-specific error bounds for ensemble classifiers.
class-specific error bounds	ensemble classifiers
The contextual focused topic model.
contextual focused topic model
Weisfeiler-Lehman Neural Machine for Link Prediction.
weisfeiler-lehman neural machine	link prediction
Similarity search in real world networks.
real world networks	similarity search
Constructing popular routes from uncertain trajectories.
constructing popular routes	uncertain trajectories
Optimally Discriminative Choice Sets in Discrete Choice Models: Application to Data-Driven Test Design.
optimally discriminative choice sets	discrete choice models	data-driven test design
Mobility, Data Mining and Privacy the Experience of the GeoPKDD Project.
data mining	geopkdd project
Thriving as a data miner in the real world.
real world	data miner
Unsupervised Discovery of Drug Side-Effects from Heterogeneous Data Sources.
heterogeneous data sources	drug side-effects	unsupervised discovery
Construction of Directed 2K Graphs.
directed 2k graphs
Aspect Based Recommendations: Recommending Items with the Most Valuable Aspects Based on User Reviews.
valuable aspects based	aspect based recommendations	recommending items	user reviews
Personalizing LinkedIn Feed.
personalizing linkedin feed
COA: finding novel patents through text analysis.
text analysis
Estimation of Recent Ancestral Origins of Individuals on a Large Scale.
recent ancestral origins	large scale
Bayesian relational data analysis.
bayesian relational data analysis
Geocode Matching and Privacy Preservation.
geocode matching	privacy preservation
Active search on graphs.
active search
Infinite Ensemble for Image Clustering.
image clustering	infinite ensemble
MetaFac: community discovery via relational hypergraph factorization.
relational hypergraph factorization	community discovery
Probabilistic Modeling of a Sales Funnel to Prioritize Leads.
probabilistic modeling	sales funnel	prioritize leads
Learning personal + social latent factor model for social recommendation.
learning personal + social latent factor model	social recommendation
Minimizing seed set selection with probabilistic coverage guarantee in a social network.
minimizing seed set selection	probabilistic coverage guarantee	social network
Trustworthy online controlled experiments: five puzzling outcomes explained.
trustworthy online controlled experiments	puzzling outcomes explained
Proceedings of the 14th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Las Vegas, Nevada, USA, August 24-27, 2008
14th acm sigkdd international conference	august 24-27	knowledge discovery	las vegas	data mining
Extreme Multi-label Loss Functions for Recommendation, Tagging, Ranking & Other Missing Label Applications.
extreme multi-label loss functions	missing label applications
Predicting employee expertise for talent management in the enterprise.
predicting employee expertise	talent management
A simple methodology for soft cost-sensitive classification.
soft cost-sensitive classification	simple methodology
SAME but Different: Fast and High Quality Gibbs Parameter Estimation.
high quality gibbs parameter estimation
Proceedings of the Thirteenth International Workshop on Multimedia Data Mining, MDMKDD 2013, Chicago, Illinois, USA, August 11, 2013
multimedia data mining	thirteenth international workshop
Days on Market: Measuring Liquidity in Real Estate Markets.
real estate markets	measuring liquidity
Class-distribution regularized consensus maximization for alleviating overfitting in model combination.
class-distribution regularized consensus maximization	alleviating overfitting	model combination
Facets: Fast Comprehensive Mining of Coevolving High-order Time Series.
coevolving high-order time series	fast comprehensive mining
Nine real hard problems we'd like you to solve.
real hard problems
Discovering significant relaxed order-preserving submatrices.
discovering significant relaxed order-preserving submatrices
iSAX: indexing and mining terabyte sized time series.
mining terabyte sized time series
Big & personal: data and models behind netflix recommendations.
big & personal	netflix recommendations
Estimating rates of rare events with multiple hierarchies through scalable log-linear models.
scalable log-linear models	rare events	multiple hierarchies	estimating rates
Accelerating Bayesian network parameter learning using Hadoop and MapReduce.
accelerating bayesian network parameter learning
Entity categorization over large document collections.
large document collections	entity categorization
Interaction-driven opinion dynamics in online social networks.
online social networks	interaction-driven opinion dynamics
Modeling the evolution of discussion topics and communication to improve relational classification.
improve relational classification	discussion topics
Online spatial data analysis and visualization system.
online spatial data analysis	visualization system
Discovery of Meaningful Rules in Time Series.
meaningful rules	time series
New perspectives and methods in link prediction.
link prediction
Predicting Company Quitting From Online Social Enterprise Activity.
online social enterprise activity	predicting company quitting
Functional Zone Based Hierarchical Demand Prediction For Bike System Expansion.
functional zone based hierarchical demand prediction	bike system expansion
Proof Protocol for a Machine Learning Technique Making Longitudinal Predictions in Dynamic Contexts.
machine learning technique making longitudinal predictions	proof protocol	dynamic contexts
Link prediction with social vector clocks.
social vector clocks	link prediction
Biomedical text categorization with concept graph representations using a controlled vocabulary.
biomedical text categorization	concept graph representations	controlled vocabulary
Fast algorithms for maximal clique enumeration with limited memory.
maximal clique enumeration	fast algorithms	limited memory
Intelligible Models for HealthCare: Predicting Pneumonia Risk and Hospital 30-day Readmission.
hospital 30-day readmission	predicting pneumonia risk	intelligible models
A concept-based model for enhancing text categorization.
enhancing text categorization	concept-based model
Prognosis and Diagnosis of Parkinson's Disease Using Multi-Task Learning.
multi-task learning
Data-driven Automatic Treatment Regimen Development and Recommendation.
data-driven automatic treatment regimen development
Frontex real-time news event extraction framework.
frontex real-time news event extraction framework
Urban point-of-interest recommendation by mining user check-in behaviors.
mining user check-	urban point-of-interest recommendation
Collaborative matrix factorization with multiple similarities for predicting drug-target interactions.
collaborative matrix factorization	predicting drug-target interactions	multiple similarities
GLS-SOD: a generalized local statistical approach for spatial outlier detection.
generalized local statistical approach	spatial outlier detection
Quick Access: Building a Smart Experience for Google Drive.
smart experience	quick access	google drive
Using smart card data to extract passenger's spatio-temporal density and train's trajectory of MRT system.
smart card data	mrt system	spatio-temporal density	extract passenger
New ensemble methods for evolving data streams.
evolving data streams	ensemble methods
HoORaYs: High-order Optimization of Rating Distance for Recommender Systems.
recommender systems	high-order optimization	rating distance
Network discovery via constrained tensor analysis of fMRI data.
constrained tensor analysis	network discovery	fmri data
The bang for the buck: fair competitive viral marketing from the host perspective.
fair competitive viral marketing	host perspective
A multi-relational approach to spatial classification.
multi-relational approach	spatial classification
PAMAE: Parallel k-Medoids Clustering with High Accuracy and Efficiency.
parallel k-medoids clustering	high accuracy
Design of a temporal geosocial semantic web for military stabilization and reconstruction operations.
temporal geosocial semantic web	reconstruction operations	military stabilization
Identifying authoritative actors in question-answering forums: the case of Yahoo! answers.
identifying authoritative actors	question-answering forums
Deep Learning Architecture with Dynamically Programmed Layers for Brain Connectome Prediction.
dynamically programmed layers	brain connectome prediction	deep learning architecture
Connecting the dots between news articles.
news articles
Life-stage Prediction for Product Recommendation in E-commerce.
product recommendation	life-stage prediction
Big data analytics with small footprint: squaring the cloud.
big data analytics	small footprint
Co-evolution of social and affiliation networks.
affiliation networks
On the quality of inferring interests from social neighbors.
inferring interests	social neighbors
Preserving the Privacy of Sensitive Relationships in Graph Data.
sensitive relationships	graph data
Topical query decomposition.
topical query decomposition
Modeling Precursors for Event Forecasting via Nested Multi-Instance Learning.
nested multi-instance learning	modeling precursors	event forecasting
Joint optimization of bid and budget allocation in sponsored search.
joint optimization	sponsored search	budget allocation
Augmenting the generalized hough transform to enable the mining of petroglyphs.
generalized hough transform
A space efficient streaming algorithm for triangle counting using the birthday paradox.
space efficient streaming algorithm	birthday paradox	triangle counting
Topic dynamics: an alternative model of bursts in streams of topics.
topic dynamics	alternative model
Exact and Estimation of Local Edge-centric Graphlet Counts.
local edge-centric graphlet counts
Page Hunt: using human computation games to improve web search.
human computation games	improve web search	page hunt
Integrating low-rank and group-sparse structures for robust multi-task learning.
robust multi-task learning	integrating low-rank	group-sparse structures
Adaptive adversaries: building systems to fight fraud and cyber intruders.
building systems	fight fraud	cyber intruders	adaptive adversaries
Efficient PageRank Tracking in Evolving Networks.
efficient pagerank tracking	evolving networks
Intelligible models for classification and regression.
intelligible models
CoupledLP: Link Prediction in Coupled Networks.
link prediction	coupled networks
Event-based social networks: linking the online and offline social worlds.
offline social worlds	event-based social networks
Training structural svms with kernels using sampled cuts.
training structural svms	sampled cuts
Robust Spectral Clustering for Noisy Data: Modeling Sparse Corruptions Improves Latent Embeddings.
modeling sparse corruptions improves latent embeddings	robust spectral clustering	noisy data
Causality quantification and its applications: structuring and modeling of multivariate time series.
multivariate time series	causality quantification
Proceedings of the 11th International Workshop on Data Mining in Bioinformatics, BIOKDD 2012, Beijing, China, August 12, 2012
11th international workshop	data mining
PatentMiner: topic-driven patent analysis and mining.
topic-driven patent analysis
A Temporally Heterogeneous Survival Framework with Application to Social Behavior Dynamics.
temporally heterogeneous survival framework	social behavior dynamics
Fast and Memory-Efficient Significant Pattern Mining via Permutation Testing.
memory-efficient significant pattern mining	permutation testing
Data and Structural k-Anonymity in Social Networks.
social networks	structural k-anonymity
Efficient incremental constrained clustering.
efficient incremental constrained clustering
Latent graphical models for quantifying and predicting patent quality.
latent graphical models	predicting patent quality
Text Mining in Clinical Domain: Dealing with Noise.
text mining	clinical domain
Data mining at the crossroads: successes, failures and learning from them.
data mining
Coresets for Kernel Regression.
kernel regression
Probabilistic latent network visualization: inferring and embedding diffusion networks.
probabilistic latent network visualization	embedding diffusion networks
Anonymizing healthcare data: a case study on the blood transfusion service.
blood transfusion service	anonymizing healthcare data	case study
Lytic: synthesizing high-dimensional algorithmic analysis with domain-agnostic, faceted visual analytics.
synthesizing high-dimensional algorithmic analysis	faceted visual analytics
A comparison of Foursquare and Instagram to the study of city dynamics and urban social behavior.
urban social behavior	city dynamics
Adaptive Stream Clustering Using Incremental Graph Maintenance.
adaptive stream clustering	incremental graph maintenance
CP-summary: a concise representation for browsing frequent itemsets.
browsing frequent itemsets	concise representation
Analyzing Volleyball Match Data from the 2014 World Championships Using Machine Learning Techniques.
analyzing volleyball match data	machine learning techniques	2014 world championships
Mining for the most certain predictions from dyadic data.
dyadic data
Spatiotemporal Neighborhood Discovery for Sensor Data.
spatiotemporal neighborhood discovery	sensor data
CluChunk: clustering large scale user-generated content incorporating chunklet information.
clustering large scale user-generated content incorporating chunklet information
Sleep analytics and online selective anomaly detection.
online selective anomaly detection	sleep analytics
Multiple coordinated views supporting visual analytics.
multiple coordinated views supporting visual analytics
Inferring human activities from GPS tracks.
inferring human activities	gps tracks
Approximate graph mining with label costs.
approximate graph mining	label costs
Large scale data analysis and modelling in online services and advertising.
large scale data analysis	online services
Tell me something I don't know: randomization strategies for iterative data mining.
iterative data mining	randomization strategies
Matching Restaurant Menus to Crowdsourced Food Data: A Scalable Machine Learning Approach.
scalable machine learning approach	crowdsourced food data	matching restaurant menus
Repeat Buyer Prediction for E-Commerce.
repeat buyer prediction
GLMix: Generalized Linear Mixed Models For Large-Scale Response Prediction.
generalized linear mixed models	large-scale response prediction
Practical guide to controlled experiments on the web: listen to your customers not to the hippo.
controlled experiments	practical guide
Representative clustering of uncertain data.
uncertain data	representative clustering
Toward autonomic grids: analyzing the job flow with affinity streaming.
job flow	autonomic grids	affinity streaming
Towards a universal marketplace over the web: statistical multi-label classification of service provider forms with simulated annealing.
statistical multi-label classification	service provider forms	simulated annealing	universal marketplace
User browsing models: relevance versus examination.
relevance versus examination	user browsing models
Generic and Scalable Framework for Automated Time-series Anomaly Detection.
automated time-series anomaly detection	scalable framework
A hazard based approach to user return time prediction.
user return time prediction	hazard based approach
Probabilistic Anonymity.
probabilistic anonymity
Predicting long-term impact of CQA posts: a comprehensive viewpoint.
predicting long-term impact	comprehensive viewpoint	cqa posts
Toward Automated Fact-Checking: Detecting Check-worthy Factual Claims by ClaimBuster.
detecting check-worthy factual claims	automated fact-checking
Management and analytic of biomedical big data with cloud-based in-memory database and dynamic querying: a hands-on experience with real-world data.
cloud-based in-memory database	biomedical big data	real-world data	dynamic querying
Multiple kernel learning for heterogeneous anomaly detection: algorithm and aviation safety case study.
aviation safety case study	multiple kernel learning	heterogeneous anomaly detection
Repetition-aware content placement in navigational networks.
repetition-aware content placement	navigational networks
FASCINATE: Fast Cross-Layer Dependency Inference on Multi-layered Networks.
fast cross-layer dependency inference	multi-layered networks
Towards an Optimal Subspace for K-Means.
optimal subspace
Seaweed: a web application for designing economic games.
designing economic games	web application
Predicting Matchups and Preferences in Context.
predicting matchups
Generating succinct titles for web URLs.
generating succinct titles	web urls
ALOJA-ML: A Framework for Automating Characterization and Knowledge Discovery in Hadoop Deployments.
knowledge discovery	hadoop deployments	automating characterization
Approximate Personalized PageRank on Dynamic Graphs.
approximate personalized pagerank	dynamic graphs
Connecting users across social media sites: a behavioral-modeling approach.
social media sites	behavioral-modeling approach	connecting users
The long and the short of it: summarising event sequences with serial episodes.
summarising event sequences	serial episodes
MOOCS: What Have We Learned?
learned
Online allocation of display ads with smooth delivery.
online allocation	smooth delivery	display ads
Logical-shapelets: an expressive primitive for time series classification.
time series classification	expressive primitive
Latent aspect rating analysis on review text data: a rating regression approach.
latent aspect rating analysis	rating regression approach	review text data
TensorFlow Estimators: Managing Simplicity vs. Flexibility in High-Level Machine Learning Frameworks.
high-level machine learning frameworks	managing simplicity	tensorflow estimators
Strategies for Effective Shilling Attacks against Recommender Systems.
effective shilling attacks	recommender systems
Why It Happened: Identifying and Modeling the Reasons of the Happening of Social Events.
social events
Estimating Local Intrinsic Dimensionality.
estimating local intrinsic dimensionality
Keeping it Short and Simple: Summarising Complex Event Sequences with Multivariate Patterns.
summarising complex event sequences	multivariate patterns
Towards Conversational Recommender Systems.
conversational recommender systems
Estimating sharer reputation via social data calibration.
social data calibration	estimating sharer reputation
Spaceborne Data Enters the Mainstream.
spaceborne data enters
Algorithmic Decision Making and the Cost of Fairness.
algorithmic decision making
Warm Start for Parameter Selection of Linear Classifiers.
parameter selection	warm start	linear classifiers
Multi-Task Feature Interaction Learning.
multi-task feature interaction learning
Online chinese restaurant process.
online chinese restaurant process
Latent association analysis of document pairs.
latent association analysis	document pairs
Cyber security: how visual analytics unlock insight.
visual analytics unlock insight	cyber security
Topic models with power-law using Pitman-Yor process.
pitman-yor process	topic models
Anomalous window discovery through scan statistics for linear intersecting paths (SSLIP).
linear intersecting paths	anomalous window discovery	scan statistics
Designing crowdsourcing community for the enterprise.
designing crowdsourcing community
Proceedings of the 2013 KDD Cup 2013 Workshop, KDD Cup 2013, Chicago, Illinois, USA, August 11-14, 2013
2013 kdd cup 2013 workshop	kdd cup 2013	august 11-14
Effective Audience Extension in Online Advertising.
effective audience extension	online advertising
Backpage and Bitcoin: Uncovering Human Traffickers.
uncovering human traffickers
Making recommendations from multiple domains.
multiple domains	making recommendations
Regression-based latent factor models.
regression-based latent factor models
A data modeling approach to climate change attribution.
data modeling approach	climate change attribution
Accelerating large-scale data mining using in-database analytics.
accelerating large-scale data mining	in-database analytics
Spectral Clustering in Social Networks.
spectral clustering	social networks
Resolving the Bias in Electronic Medical Records.
electronic medical records
Three Principles of Data Science: Predictability, Stability and Computability.
data science
Palette power: enabling visual search through colors.
enabling visual search	palette power
Privacy-preserving cox regression for survival analysis.
privacy-preserving cox regression	survival analysis
Linear space direct pattern sampling using coupling from the past.
linear space direct pattern sampling
Correlation clustering in MapReduce.
correlation clustering
Quantifying herding effects in crowd wisdom.
quantifying herding effects	crowd wisdom
User grouping behavior in online forums.
user grouping behavior	online forums
Email Volume Optimization at LinkedIn.
email volume optimization
On updates that constrain the features' connections during learning.
connections
Personalized search result diversification via structured learning.
personalized search result diversification	structured learning
VEWS: A Wikipedia Vandal Early Warning System.
wikipedia vandal early warning system
Effective label acquisition for collective classification.
effective label acquisition	collective classification
Efficient event pattern matching with match windows.
efficient event pattern matching	match windows
AnnexML: Approximate Nearest Neighbor Search for Extreme Multi-label Classification.
approximate nearest neighbor search	extreme multi-label classification
Local decomposition for rare class analysis.
rare class analysis	local decomposition
Identification of structurally important amino acids in proteins by graph-theoretic measures.
structurally important amino acids	graph-theoretic measures
How to Get Them a Dream Job?: Entity-Aware Features for Personalized Job Search Ranking.
personalized job search ranking	dream job	entity-aware features
A framework for robust discovery of entity synonyms.
entity synonyms	robust discovery
Dynamics of Large Multi-View Social Networks: Synergy, Cannibalization and Cross-View Interplay.
large multi-view social networks	cross-view interplay
Online Topic-based Social Influence Analysis for the Wimbledon Championships.
online topic-based social influence analysis	wimbledon championships
Information cartography: creating zoomable, large-scale maps of information.
creating zoomable	large-scale maps
Fast bregman divergence NMF using taylor expansion and coordinate descent.
fast bregman divergence nmf	coordinate descent	taylor expansion
Learning to Count Mosquitoes for the Sterile Insect Technique.
sterile insect technique	count mosquitoes
Fast query execution for retrieval models based on path-constrained random walks.
path-constrained random walks	fast query execution	retrieval models based
Unsupervised Feature Selection in Signed Social Networks.
unsupervised feature selection	signed social networks
A transfer learning based framework of crowd-selection on twitter.
transfer learning based framework
Mining adaptively frequent closed unlabeled rooted trees in data streams.
mining adaptively frequent closed unlabeled rooted trees	data streams
Probabilistic topic models with biased propagation on heterogeneous information networks.
probabilistic topic models	heterogeneous information networks	biased propagation
TimeCrunch: Interpretable Dynamic Graph Summarization.
interpretable dynamic graph summarization
Differentially Private High-Dimensional Data Publication via Sampling-Based Inference.
differentially private high-dimensional data publication	sampling-based inference
Temporal causal modeling with graphical granger methods.
graphical granger methods	temporal causal modeling
Towards scalable critical alert mining.
scalable critical alert mining
Clustering and projected clustering with adaptive neighbors.
adaptive neighbors
Whither Social Networks for Web Search?
web search	social networks
MAP: Frequency-Based Maximization of Airline Profits based on an Ensemble Forecasting Approach.
ensemble forecasting approach	airline profits based	frequency-based maximization
Detecting changes in large data sets of payment card data: a case study.
large data sets	payment card data	case study
Modelling political disaffection from Twitter data.
modelling political disaffection	twitter data
Predictive model performance: offline and online evaluations.
predictive model performance	online evaluations
Lightweight Monitoring of Distributed Streams.
lightweight monitoring	distributed streams
Scalable clustering and keyword suggestion for online advertisements.
keyword suggestion	scalable clustering	online advertisements
Predictors without Borders: Behavioral Modeling of Product Adoption in Three Developing Countries.
developing countries	behavioral modeling	product adoption
FORA: Simple and Effective Approximate Single-Source Personalized PageRank.
effective approximate single-source personalized pagerank
E-commerce in Your Inbox: Product Recommendations at Scale.
product recommendations
Fast locality-sensitive hashing.
fast locality-sensitive hashing
Common component analysis for multiple covariance matrices.
common component analysis	multiple covariance matrices
An efficient ADMM algorithm for multidimensional anisotropic total variation regularization problems.
multidimensional anisotropic total variation regularization problems	efficient admm algorithm
Applications of data mining and machine learning in online customer care.
online customer care	machine learning	data mining
Learning time-series shapelets.
learning time-series shapelets
Get another label? improving data quality and data mining using multiple, noisy labelers.
improving data quality	data mining	noisy labelers
Utilizing temporal patterns for estimating uncertainty in interpretable early decision making.
interpretable early decision making	utilizing temporal patterns	estimating uncertainty
Efficiently rewriting large multimedia application execution traces with few event sequences.
efficiently rewriting large multimedia application execution traces	event sequences
Privacy-preserving social network publication against friendship attacks.
privacy-preserving social network publication	friendship attacks
iHR: an online recruiting system for Xiamen Talent Service Center.
xiamen talent service center	online recruiting system
Healthcare Data Mining with Matrix Models.
healthcare data mining	matrix models
Software systems through complex networks science: review, analysis and applications.
complex networks science	software systems
iPinYou Global RTB Bidding Algorithm Competition Dataset.
ipinyou global rtb bidding algorithm competition dataset
Partial Label Learning via Feature-Aware Disambiguation.
partial label learning	feature-aware disambiguation
Empirical glitch explanations.
empirical glitch explanations
EMBERS AutoGSR: Automated Coding of Civil Unrest Events.
civil unrest events	automated coding	embers autogsr
Proceedings of the ACM SIGKDD Workshop on Interactive Data Exploration and Analytics, IDEA@KDD 2013, Chicago, Illinois, USA, August 11, 2013
acm sigkdd workshop	interactive data exploration	idea@kdd 2013
Robust Influence Maximization.
robust influence maximization
Online Asymmetric Active Learning with Imbalanced Data.
online asymmetric active learning	imbalanced data
Smarter outlier detection and deeper understanding of large-scale taxi trip records: a case study of NYC.
large-scale taxi trip records	smarter outlier detection	deeper understanding	case study
The cost of privacy: destruction of data-mining utility in anonymized data publishing.
anonymized data publishing	data-mining utility
The role of information diffusion in the evolution of social networks.
information diffusion	social networks
Scalable Graph Building from Text Data.
scalable graph building	text data
Statistical quality estimation for general crowdsourcing tasks.
general crowdsourcing tasks	statistical quality estimation
Geo-SAGE: A Geographical Sparse Additive Generative Model for Spatial Item Recommendation.
geographical sparse additive generative model	spatial item recommendation
Panther: Fast Top-k Similarity Search on Large Networks.
large networks	fast top-	similarity search
Targeting and influencing at scale: from presidential elections to social good.
presidential elections	social good
Correlation search in graph databases.
correlation search	graph databases
Density estimation trees.
density estimation trees
Proceedings of the ACM SIGKDD International Workshop on Urban Computing, UrbComp@KDD 2012, Beijing, China, August 12, 2012
acm sigkdd international workshop	urbcomp@kdd 2012	urban computing
Automated Categorization of Onion Sites for Analyzing the Darkweb Ecosystem.
onion sites	automated categorization	darkweb ecosystem
Discovering value from community activity on focused question answering sites: a case study of stack overflow.
focused question answering sites	community activity	stack overflow	case study
Unifying dependent clustering and disparate clustering for non-homogeneous data.
unifying dependent clustering	disparate clustering	non-homogeneous data
Designing AI at Scale to Power Everyday Life.
power everyday life	designing ai
SMVC: semi-supervised multi-view clustering in subspace projections.
semi-supervised multi-view clustering	subspace projections
Inferring local synonyms for improving keyword suggestion in an on-line advertisement system.
improving keyword suggestion	on-line advertisement system	inferring local synonyms
Mining high utility episodes in complex event sequences.
mining high utility episodes	complex event sequences
Certifying and Removing Disparate Impact.
removing disparate impact
People on drugs: credibility of user statements in health communities.
health communities	user statements
Towards trusted intelligence information sharing.
trusted intelligence information sharing
A time-dependent topic model for multiple text streams.
time-dependent topic model	multiple text streams
eTrust: understanding trust evolution in an online world.
understanding trust evolution	online world
Cleaning disguised missing data: a heuristic approach.
cleaning disguised missing data	heuristic approach
Effective and efficient itemset pattern summarization: regression-based approaches.
efficient itemset pattern summarization	regression-based approaches
Discovering shakers from evolving entities via cascading graph inference.
cascading graph inference	evolving entities	discovering shakers
Data intensive analysis on the gordon high performance data and compute system.
gordon high performance data	data intensive analysis	compute system
Clustering event logs using iterative partitioning.
clustering event logs	iterative partitioning
On the separability of structural classes of communities.
structural classes
Composition attacks and auxiliary information in data privacy.
composition attacks	auxiliary information	data privacy
What's Fair?
fair
Classification of proxy labeled examples for marketing segment generation.
proxy labeled examples	marketing segment generation
Anomaly localization for network data streams with graph joint sparse PCA.
graph joint sparse pca	network data streams	anomaly localization
Mass estimation and its applications.
mass estimation
Towards never-ending learning from time series streams.
time series streams	never-ending learning
k-NN as an implementation of situation testing for discrimination discovery and prevention.
situation testing	discrimination discovery
Learning geographical preferences for point-of-interest recommendation.
learning geographical preferences	point-of-interest recommendation
Structural Deep Network Embedding.
structural deep network embedding
RainMon: an integrated approach to mining bursty timeseries monitoring data.
mining bursty timeseries monitoring data	integrated approach
Community membership identification from small seed sets.
small seed sets	community membership identification
Collective annotation of Wikipedia entities in web text.
collective annotation	web text	wikipedia entities
Towards Privacy-Preserving Model Selection.
privacy-preserving model selection
Using uncertain chemical and thermal data to predict product quality in a casting process.
predict product quality	uncertain chemical	thermal data	casting process
Effective and Real-time In-App Activity Analysis in Encrypted Internet Traffic Streams.
real-time in-app activity analysis	encrypted internet traffic streams
On dynamic data-driven selection of sensor streams.
dynamic data-driven selection	sensor streams
Peeking at A/B Tests: Why it matters, and what to do about it.
matters
Factorization meets the neighborhood: a multifaceted collaborative filtering model.
multifaceted collaborative filtering model	factorization meets
Analyzing Invariants in Cyber-Physical Systems using Latent Factor Regression.
latent factor regression	analyzing invariants	cyber-physical systems
Topic Modeling of Short Texts: A Pseudo-Document View.
topic modeling	short texts	pseudo-document view
Discovering Valuable items from Massive Data.
discovering valuable items	massive data
Towards heterogeneous temporal clinical event pattern discovery: a convolutional approach.
heterogeneous temporal clinical event pattern discovery	convolutional approach
New algorithms for parking demand management and a city-scale deployment.
parking demand management	city-scale deployment
An enhanced relevance criterion for more concise supervised pattern discovery.
concise supervised pattern discovery	enhanced relevance criterion
Advances in Web Mining and Web Usage Analysis, 8th International Workshop on Knowledge Discovery on the Web, WebKDD 2006, Philadelphia, PA, USA, August 20, 2006, Revised Papers
8th international workshop	web usage analysis	revised papers	knowledge discovery	web mining
Differentially private transit data publication: a case study on the montreal transportation system.
differentially private transit data publication	montreal transportation system	case study
Automated cyclone discovery and tracking using knowledge sharing in multiple heterogeneous satellite data.
multiple heterogeneous satellite data	automated cyclone discovery	knowledge sharing
The untold story of the clones: content-agnostic factors that impact YouTube video popularity.
impact youtube video popularity	untold story	content-agnostic factors
Source code identifier splitting using Yahoo image and web search engine.
source code identifier splitting	web search engine	yahoo image
From frequent itemsets to semantically meaningful visual patterns.
semantically meaningful visual patterns	frequent itemsets
Data mining to predict and prevent errors in health insurance claims processing.
health insurance claims processing	prevent errors	data mining
Unified Point-of-Interest Recommendation with Temporal Interval Assessment.
temporal interval assessment	unified point-of-interest recommendation
Click-through Prediction for Advertising in Twitter Timeline.
twitter timeline
Engagement Capacity and Engaging Team Formation for Reach Maximization of Online Social Media Platforms.
online social media platforms	engaging team formation	engagement capacity	reach maximization
Website Privacy Preservation for Query Log Publishing.
query log publishing	website privacy preservation
Overlapping experiment infrastructure: more, better, faster experimentation.
overlapping experiment infrastructure	faster experimentation
Data security and integrity: developments and directions.
data security
Discovering Enterprise Concepts Using Spreadsheet Tables.
discovering enterprise concepts	spreadsheet tables
Optimizing debt collections using constrained reinforcement learning.
constrained reinforcement learning	optimizing debt collections
Extracting Optimal Performance from Dynamic Time Warping.
dynamic time warping	extracting optimal performance
A Simple Dense Pixel Visualization for Mobile Sensor Data Mining.
simple dense pixel visualization	mobile sensor data mining
Unsupervised transfer classification: application to text categorization.
unsupervised transfer classification	text categorization
TIARA: a visual exploratory text analytic system.
visual exploratory text analytic system
Grouped graphical Granger modeling methods for temporal causal modeling.
grouped graphical granger modeling methods	temporal causal modeling
An Evaluation of Parallel Eccentricity Estimation Algorithms on Undirected Real-World Graphs.
parallel eccentricity estimation algorithms	undirected real-world graphs
The user's communication patterns on a mobile social network site.
mobile social network site	communication patterns
Exploratory analysis of highly heterogeneous document collections.
highly heterogeneous document collections	exploratory analysis
Collusion-resistant anonymous data collection method.
collusion-resistant anonymous data collection method
Sensing places' life to make city smarter.
make city smarter	sensing places
Finding a team of experts in social networks.
social networks
Mining spatially cohesive itemsets in protein molecular structures.
mining spatially cohesive itemsets	protein molecular structures
Taking machine learning research online with OpenML.
taking machine learning research online
Mining contentions from discussions and debates.
mining contentions
Automatic malware categorization using cluster ensemble.
automatic malware categorization	cluster ensemble
Applying collaborative filtering techniques to movie search for better ranking and browsing.
applying collaborative filtering techniques	movie search
Who Supported Obama in 2012?: Ecological Inference through Distribution Regression.
ecological inference	distribution regression	supported obama
Empirical study of topic modeling in Twitter.
topic modeling	empirical study
Joint cluster analysis of attribute and relationship data withouta-priori specification of the number of clusters.
relationship data withouta-priori specification	joint cluster analysis
U2SOD-DB: a database system to manage large-scale ubiquitous urban sensing origin-destination data.
manage large-scale ubiquitous urban sensing origin-destination data	database system
Empowering authors to diagnose comprehension burden in textbooks.
diagnose comprehension burden	empowering authors
From data to knowledge: city-wide traffic flows analysis and prediction using bing maps.
city-wide traffic flows analysis	bing maps
Leveraging collaborative tagging for web item design.
leveraging collaborative tagging	web item design
Constraint programming for itemset mining.
itemset mining	constraint programming
Efficient influence maximization in social networks.
efficient influence maximization	social networks
LiJAR: A System for Job Application Redistribution towards Efficient Career Marketplace.
efficient career marketplace	job application redistribution
Diversifying Restricted Boltzmann Machine for Document Modeling.
diversifying restricted boltzmann machine	document modeling
Support feature machine for classification of abnormal brain activity.
abnormal brain activity	support feature machine
Apolo: interactive large graph sensemaking by combining machine learning and visualization.
interactive large graph sensemaking	combining machine learning
Lossless Separation of Web Pages into Layout Code and Data.
web pages	lossless separation	layout code
Regularity and Conformity: Location Prediction Using Heterogeneous Mobility Data.
heterogeneous mobility data	location prediction
A reputation system for selling human computation.
selling human computation	reputation system
Xproj: a framework for projected structural clustering of xml documents.
projected structural clustering	xml documents
A density-based clustering structure mining algorithm for data streams.
density-based clustering structure mining algorithm	data streams
On the permanence of vertices in network communities.
network communities
Statistical measure of quality in Wikipedia.
statistical measure
Mining closed episodes with simultaneous events.
mining closed episodes	simultaneous events
Extremely Fast Decision Tree Mining for Evolving Data Streams.
extremely fast decision tree mining	evolving data streams
Unfolding physiological state: mortality modelling in intensive care units.
intensive care units	unfolding physiological state	mortality modelling
A bayesian framework for estimating properties of network diffusions.
bayesian framework	estimating properties	network diffusions
Model-based kernel for efficient time series analysis.
efficient time series analysis	model-based kernel
Picture this: preferences for image search.
image search
Privacy-Preserving Sharing of Horizontally-Distributed Private Data for Constructing Accurate Classifiers.
constructing accurate classifiers	horizontally-distributed private data	privacy-preserving sharing
Ad Serving with Multiple KPIs.
ad serving	multiple kpis
Designing efficient cascaded classifiers: tradeoff between accuracy and cost.
designing efficient cascaded classifiers
Recurrent Marked Temporal Point Processes: Embedding Event History to Vector.
recurrent marked temporal point processes	embedding event history
Frontiers in E-commerce personalization.
e-commerce personalization
Automatic selection of social media responses to news.
social media responses	automatic selection
Open question answering over curated and extracted knowledge bases.
open question answering	extracted knowledge bases
Bayesian Optimization and Embedded Learning Systems.
embedded learning systems	bayesian optimization
Social flocks: a crowd simulation framework for social network generation, community detection, and collective behavior modeling.
crowd simulation framework	collective behavior modeling	social network generation	social flocks	community detection
Large-scale behavioral targeting.
large-scale behavioral targeting
Phoenix: Privacy Preserving Biclustering on Horizontally Partitioned Data.
privacy preserving biclustering	horizontally partitioned data
ArnetMiner: extraction and mining of academic social networks.
academic social networks
Mining rich session context to improve web search.
mining rich session context	improve web search
Rebalancing Bike Sharing Systems: A Multi-source Data Smart Optimization.
rebalancing bike sharing systems	multi-source data smart optimization
Mining evolutionary multi-branch trees from text streams.
mining evolutionary multi-branch trees	text streams
A software system for buzz-based recommendations.
software system	buzz-based recommendations
How optimized environmental sensing helps address information overload on the web.
optimized environmental sensing helps address information overload
Truth discovery with multiple conflicting information providers on the web.
multiple conflicting information providers	truth discovery
Active-transductive learning with label-adapted kernels.
label-adapted kernels	active-transductive learning
Fast Newton Hard Thresholding Pursuit for Sparsity Constrained Nonconvex Optimization.
fast newton hard thresholding pursuit	sparsity constrained nonconvex optimization
Practical learning from one-sided feedback.
one-sided feedback	practical learning
Learning with cost intervals.
cost intervals
On string classification in data streams.
string classification	data streams
ReasoNet: Learning to Stop Reading in Machine Comprehension.
stop reading	machine comprehension
Multi-focal learning and its application to customer service support.
customer service support	multi-focal learning
Large-scale graph mining using backbone refinement classes.
backbone refinement classes	large-scale graph mining
Accelerating Dynamic Time Warping Clustering with a Novel Admissible Pruning Strategy.
accelerating dynamic time warping clustering	admissible pruning strategy
Succinct interval-splitting tree for scalable similarity search of compound-protein pairs with property constraints.
succinct interval-splitting tree	scalable similarity search	compound-protein pairs	property constraints
Identifying graphs from noisy and incomplete data.
identifying graphs	incomplete data
FPGASVM: A Framework for Accelerating Kernelized Support Vector Machine.
accelerating kernelized support vector machine
Efficient Long-Term Degradation Profiling in Time Series for Complex Physical Systems.
efficient long-term degradation profiling	complex physical systems	time series
Modeling delayed feedback in display advertising.
modeling delayed feedback	display advertising
Joint Optimization of Multiple Performance Metrics in Online Video Advertising.
multiple performance metrics	online video advertising	joint optimization
Portfolio Selections in P2P Lending: A Multi-Objective Perspective.
multi-objective perspective	portfolio selections	p2p lending
CNTK: Microsoft's Open-Source Deep-Learning Toolkit.
open-source deep-learning toolkit
Distance metric learning using dropout: a structured regularization approach.
structured regularization approach	distance metric learning
Network structural analysis via core-tree-decomposition Publication of this article pending inquiry.
network structural analysis	article pending inquiry	core-tree-decomposition publication
Positive-Unlabeled Learning in Streaming Networks.
positive-unlabeled learning	streaming networks
Accuracy of distance metric learning algorithms.
distance metric learning algorithms
Low rank modeling of signed networks.
low rank modeling	signed networks
Connections between the lines: augmenting social networks with text.
augmenting social networks
Finding low-entropy sets and trees from binary data.
finding low-entropy sets	binary data
k-Support anonymity based on pseudo taxonomy for outsourcing of frequent itemset mining.
frequent itemset mining	k-support anonymity based	pseudo taxonomy
Query clustering based on bid landscape for sponsored search auction optimization.
sponsored search auction optimization	query clustering based	bid landscape
Stream-dashboard: a framework for mining, tracking and validating clusters in a data stream.
data stream	validating clusters
Feature selection for support vector regression using probabilistic prediction.
support vector regression	probabilistic prediction	feature selection
Exploring social tagging graph for web object classification.
exploring social tagging graph	web object classification
The Gamma Operator for Big Data Summarization on an Array DBMS.
big data summarization	array dbms	gamma operator
A Data Mining Framework for Valuing Large Portfolios of Variable Annuities.
data mining framework	valuing large portfolios	variable annuities
Mixture models for learning low-dimensional roles in high-dimensional data.
learning low-dimensional roles	mixture models	high-dimensional data
Reducing the sampling complexity of topic models.
sampling complexity	topic models
Experiences and lessons in developing industry-strength machine learning and data mining software.
developing industry-strength machine learning	data mining software
Multi-source domain adaptation and its application to early detection of fatigue.
multi-source domain adaptation	early detection
A Location-Sentiment-Aware Recommender System for Both Home-Town and Out-of-Town Users.
location-sentiment-aware recommender system	out-of-town users
Exploring human movements in Singapore: a comparative analysis based on mobile phone and taxicab usages.
exploring human movements	comparative analysis based	taxicab usages	mobile phone
Time-varying learning and content analytics via sparse factor analysis.
sparse factor analysis	content analytics	time-varying learning
Privacy-preservation for gradient descent methods.
gradient descent methods
A game theoretic framework for heterogenous information network clustering.
heterogenous information network clustering	game theoretic framework
A lung cancer outcome calculator using ensemble data mining on SEER data.
lung cancer outcome calculator	ensemble data mining	seer data
Learning mixed kronecker product graph models with simulated method of moments.
learning mixed kronecker product graph models	simulated method
Information theoretic regularization for semi-supervised boosting.
information theoretic regularization	semi-supervised boosting
Modeling direct and indirect influence across heterogeneous social networks.
heterogeneous social networks	indirect influence	modeling direct
Spatially embedded co-offence prediction using supervised learning.
spatially embedded co-offence prediction	supervised learning
Transfer Knowledge between Cities.
transfer knowledge
A scalable two-stage approach for a class of dimensionality reduction techniques.
dimensionality reduction techniques	scalable two-stage approach
Spatially regularized logistic regression for disease mapping on large moving populations.
spatially regularized logistic regression	large moving populations	disease mapping
Mining periodic behaviors for moving objects.
mining periodic behaviors	moving objects
Modeling the dynamics of composite social networks.
composite social networks
Real-Time Bid Prediction using Thompson Sampling-Based Expert Selection.
thompson sampling-based expert selection	real-time bid prediction
Scalable supervised dimensionality reduction using clustering.
scalable supervised dimensionality reduction
Long Short Memory Process: Modeling Growth Dynamics of Microscopic Social Connectivity.
long short memory process	modeling growth dynamics	microscopic social connectivity
Network sampling.
network sampling
Model-shared subspace boosting for multi-label classification.
model-shared subspace boosting	multi-label classification
GeoSearch: georeferenced video retrieval system.
georeferenced video retrieval system
Exploiting large-scale check-in data to recommend time-sensitive routes.
exploiting large-scale check-	recommend time-sensitive routes
L∞ Error and Bandwidth Selection for Kernel Density Estimates of Large Data.
kernel density estimates	large data	bandwidth selection
Anytime Concurrent Clustering of Multiple Streams with an Indexing Tree.
anytime concurrent clustering	indexing tree	multiple streams
Data Mining for Diagnostic Debugging in Sensor Networks: Preliminary Evidence and Lessons Learned.
lessons learned	preliminary evidence	sensor networks	diagnostic debugging	data mining
Leveraging Propagation for Data Mining: Models, Algorithms and Applications.
leveraging propagation	data mining
Looking for Great Ideas: Analyzing the Innovation Jam.
great ideas	innovation jam
From Group to Individual Labels Using Deep Features.
deep features	individual labels
Up next: retrieval methods for large scale related video suggestion.
large scale related video suggestion	retrieval methods
Scalable Time-Decaying Adaptive Prediction Algorithm.
scalable time-decaying adaptive prediction algorithm
Serendipitous learning: learning beyond the predefined label space.
predefined label space
Effective Evaluation Using Logged Bandit Feedback from Multiple Loggers.
logged bandit feedback	multiple loggers	effective evaluation
A Clustering-Based Framework to Control Block Sizes for Entity Resolution.
control block sizes	entity resolution	clustering-based framework
IMDS: intelligent malware detection system.
intelligent malware detection system
Ontology enhancement and concept granularity learning: keeping yourself current and adaptive.
concept granularity learning	ontology enhancement
Active collaborative permutation learning.
active collaborative permutation learning
Exploiting underrepresented query aspects for automatic query expansion.
exploiting underrepresented query aspects	automatic query expansion
Fastanova: an efficient algorithm for genome-wide association study.
genome-wide association study	efficient algorithm
Scalable Learning of Graphical Models.
scalable learning	graphical models
Inside Jokes: Identifying Humorous Cartoon Captions.
identifying humorous cartoon captions	inside jokes
OLAP on search logs: an infrastructure supporting data-driven applications in search engines.
infrastructure supporting data-driven applications	search engines	search logs
Understanding urban human activity and mobility patterns using large-scale location-based data from online social media.
understanding urban human activity	large-scale location-based data	online social media	mobility patterns
Visual Search at Pinterest.
visual search
Big Data with ADAMS.
big data
Taxi Driving Behavior Analysis in Latent Vehicle-to-Vehicle Networks: A Social Influence Perspective.
taxi driving behavior analysis	social influence perspective	latent vehicle-to-vehicle networks
Localized factor models for multi-context recommendation.
localized factor models	multi-context recommendation
Learning from Multiple Teacher Networks.
multiple teacher networks
Detecting anomalies in dynamic rating data: a robust probabilistic model for rating evolution.
robust probabilistic model	dynamic rating data	rating evolution	detecting anomalies
Mining discriminative components with low-rank and sparsity constraints for face recognition.
mining discriminative components	face recognition	sparsity constraints
Inferring User Social Class in Online Social Networks.
inferring user social class	online social networks
Efficient computation of PCA with SVD in SQL.
efficient computation
Mining frequent graph patterns with differential privacy.
mining frequent graph patterns	differential privacy
MoodLens: an emoticon-based sentiment analysis system for chinese tweets.
emoticon-based sentiment analysis system	chinese tweets
Exploration of ground truth from raw GPS data.
raw gps data	ground truth
Mining Reliable Information from Passively and Actively Crowdsourced Data.
mining reliable information	actively crowdsourced data
It's who you know: graph mining using recursive structural features.
recursive structural features	graph mining
From Tweets to Stories: Using Stream-Dashboard to weave the twitter data stream into dynamic cluster models.
twitter data stream	dynamic cluster models
Multi-task learning for boosting with application to web search ranking.
web search ranking	multi-task learning
Addressing Challenges with Big Data for Media Measurement.
media measurement	big data	addressing challenges
SEISMIC: A Self-Exciting Point Process Model for Predicting Tweet Popularity.
self-exciting point process model	predicting tweet popularity
Applying data mining techniques to address disaster information management challenges on mobile devices.
address disaster information management challenges	applying data mining techniques	mobile devices
Fast online learning through offline initialization for time-sensitive recommendation.
fast online learning	time-sensitive recommendation	offline initialization
UP-Growth: an efficient algorithm for high utility itemset mining.
high utility itemset mining	efficient algorithm
Analysis and identification of spamming behaviors in Sina Weibo microblog.
sina weibo microblog	spamming behaviors
Detecting protein complexes from noisy protein interaction data.
noisy protein interaction data	detecting protein complexes
An integrated framework for suicide risk prediction.
suicide risk prediction	integrated framework
From Infrastructure to Culture: A/B Testing Challenges in Large Scale Social Networks.
large scale social networks	testing challenges
Linking named entities in Tweets with knowledge base via user interest modeling.
linking named entities	user interest modeling	knowledge base
Discovering highly reliable subgraphs in uncertain graphs.
discovering highly reliable subgraphs	uncertain graphs
Probabilistic Robust Route Recovery with Spatio-Temporal Dynamics.
probabilistic robust route recovery	spatio-temporal dynamics
Dynamic Hierarchical Classification for Patient Risk-of-Readmission.
dynamic hierarchical classification	patient risk-of-readmission
Discovering and Exploiting Deterministic Label Relationships in Multi-Label Learning.
exploiting deterministic label relationships	multi-label learning
An Adaptive Sensor Mining Framework for Pervasive Computing Applications.
adaptive sensor mining framework	pervasive computing applications
Optimization Beyond Prediction: Prescriptive Price Optimization.
prescriptive price optimization
Streaming submodular maximization: massive data summarization on the fly.
streaming submodular maximization	massive data summarization
From micro to macro: data driven phenotyping by densification of longitudinal electronic medical records.
longitudinal electronic medical records	data driven phenotyping
Detecting bots via incremental LS-SVM learning with dynamic feature adaptation.
dynamic feature adaptation	incremental ls-svm learning	detecting bots
Community finding within the community set space.
community set space	community finding
metapath2vec: Scalable Representation Learning for Heterogeneous Networks.
scalable representation learning	heterogeneous networks
Finding minimum representative pattern sets.
finding minimum representative pattern sets
Factorized sparse learning models with interpretable high order feature interactions.
interpretable high order feature interactions	factorized sparse learning models
Debiasing social wisdom.
debiasing social wisdom
The persuasive phase of visualization.
persuasive phase
Model mining for robust feature selection.
robust feature selection	model mining
Developing a Data-Driven Player Ranking in Soccer Using Predictive Model Weights.
data-driven player ranking	predictive model weights
Enhancing Financial Decision-Making Using Social Behavior Modeling.
enhancing financial decision-making	social behavior modeling
Learning from multi-topic web documents for contextual advertisement.
multi-topic web documents	contextual advertisement
RUSH!: Targeted Time-limited Coupons via Purchase Forecasts.
targeted time-limited coupons	purchase forecasts
Can Television Advertising Impact Be Measured on the Web? Web Spike Response as a Possible Conversion Tracking System for Television.
conversion tracking system	web spike response	television advertising impact
Automatically tagging email by leveraging other users' folders.
automatically tagging email
Can complex network metrics predict the behavior of NBA teams?
complex network metrics predict	nba teams
Detecting changes of clustering structures using normalized maximum likelihood coding.
normalized maximum likelihood coding	clustering structures
Knock it off: profiling the online storefronts of counterfeit merchandise.
online storefronts	counterfeit merchandise
Online Controlled Experiments: Lessons from Running A/B/n Tests for 12 Years.
online controlled experiments
Graph cluster randomization: network exposure to multiple universes.
graph cluster randomization	network exposure	multiple universes
MineFleet®: an overview of a widely adopted distributed vehicle performance data mining system.
widely adopted distributed vehicle performance data mining system
Audience Expansion for Online Social Network Advertising.
online social network advertising	audience expansion
Interactive visual analytics for high dimensional data.
high dimensional data	interactive visual analytics
Scaling up deep learning.
deep learning
Revisiting Random Binning Features: Fast Convergence and Strong Parallelizability.
revisiting random binning features	strong parallelizability	fast convergence
Modeling disease progression via fused sparse group lasso.
fused sparse group lasso	modeling disease progression
Broad scale predictive modeling and marketing optimization in retail sales.
broad scale predictive modeling	marketing optimization	retail sales
Deep Visual-Semantic Hashing for Cross-Modal Retrieval.
deep visual-semantic hashing	cross-modal retrieval
Stability of influence maximization.
influence maximization
Petuum: A New Platform for Distributed Machine Learning on Big Data.
distributed machine learning	big data
Social influence analysis in large-scale networks.
social influence analysis	large-scale networks
Open domain event extraction from twitter.
open domain event extraction
Portraying Collective Spatial Attention in Twitter.
portraying collective spatial attention
WiseMarket: a new paradigm for managing wisdom of online social users.
online social users	managing wisdom
Partial least squares regression for graph mining.
squares regression	graph mining
Privacy-Preserving Data Mining through Knowledge Model Sharing.
knowledge model sharing	privacy-preserving data mining
Development of NeuroElectroMagnetic ontologies(NEMO): a framework for mining brainwave ontologies.
mining brainwave ontologies	neuroelectromagnetic ontologies
Asymmetric support vector machines: low false-positive learning under the user tolerance.
asymmetric support vector machines	low false-positive learning	user tolerance
Relay-Linking Models for Prominence and Obsolescence in Evolving Networks.
evolving networks	relay-linking models
Community-based game design: experiments on social games for commonsense data collection.
commonsense data collection	community-based game design	social games
A Hierarchical Algorithm for Extreme Clustering.
extreme clustering	hierarchical algorithm
Generalized component analysis for text with heterogeneous attributes.
generalized component analysis	heterogeneous attributes
Entity Matching across Heterogeneous Sources.
entity matching	heterogeneous sources
The setwise stream classification problem.
setwise stream classification problem
Feature grouping and selection over an undirected graph.
feature grouping	undirected graph
Banded structure in binary matrices.
banded structure	binary matrices
Dual beta process priors for latent cluster discovery in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
chronic obstructive pulmonary disease	dual beta process priors	latent cluster discovery
Sampling hidden objects using nearest-neighbor oracles.
sampling hidden objects	nearest-neighbor oracles
Ranking-based name matching for author disambiguation in bibliographic data.
author disambiguation	bibliographic data
Fast mining and forecasting of complex time-stamped events.
complex time-stamped events	fast mining
Evaluating Mobile Apps with A/B and Quasi A/B Tests.
evaluating mobile apps
Online heterogeneous mixture modeling with marginal and copula selection.
online heterogeneous mixture modeling	copula selection
Online Context-Aware Recommendation with Time Varying Multi-Armed Bandit.
time varying multi-armed bandit	online context-aware recommendation
Smart Broadcasting: Do You Want to be Seen?
smart broadcasting
Mixture Factorized Ornstein-Uhlenbeck Processes for Time-Series Forecasting.
mixture factorized ornstein-uhlenbeck processes	time-series forecasting
Finding trending local topics in search queries for personalization of a recommendation system.
finding trending local topics	search queries	recommendation system
DiMaC: a disguised missing data cleaning tool.
disguised missing data cleaning tool
The Future of Artificially Intelligent Assistants.
artificially intelligent assistants
The role of game theory in human computation systems.
human computation systems	game theory
On Sampling Strategies for Neural Network-based Collaborative Filtering.
neural network-based collaborative filtering	sampling strategies
Why people hate your app: making sense of user feedback in a mobile app store.
mobile app store	people hate	making sense	user feedback
Navigating information facets on twitter (NIF-T).
navigating information facets
The topic-perspective model for social tagging systems.
social tagging systems	topic-perspective model
On community outliers and their efficient detection in information networks.
efficient detection	community outliers	information networks
An Architecture for Agile Machine Learning in Real-Time Applications.
agile machine learning	real-time applications
Temporal recommendation on graphs via long- and short-term preference fusion.
short-term preference fusion	temporal recommendation
Generative models for ticket resolution in expert networks.
expert networks	ticket resolution	generative models
Deep Computational Phenotyping.
deep computational phenotyping
Epidemiological modeling of news and rumors on Twitter.
epidemiological modeling
Category detection using hierarchical mean shift.
category detection
MMRate: inferring multi-aspect diffusion networks with multi-pattern cascades.
inferring multi-aspect diffusion networks	multi-pattern cascades
The quantification of advertising: (+ lessons from building businesses based on large scale data mining).
large scale data mining	building businesses based	+ lessons
Domain-constrained semi-supervised mining of tracking models in sensor networks.
domain-constrained semi-supervised mining	sensor networks	tracking models
Communication Dynamics of Blog Networks.
communication dynamics	blog networks
U-Air: when urban air quality inference meets big data.
urban air quality inference meets big data
Using tagflake for condensing navigable tag hierarchies from tag clouds.
condensing navigable tag hierarchies	tag clouds
Discovering Pollution Sources and Propagation Patterns in Urban Area.
discovering pollution sources	urban area	propagation patterns
Classification with partial labels.
partial labels
Metro maps of science.
metro maps
Scaling out big data missing value imputations: pythia vs. godzilla.
big data missing
Towards efficient mining of proportional fault-tolerant frequent itemsets.
proportional fault-tolerant frequent itemsets	efficient mining
Joint latent topic models for text and citations.
joint latent topic models
Tripoles: A New Class of Relationships in Time Series Data.
time series data
The scorecard solution to the author-paper identification challenge.
author-paper identification challenge	scorecard solution
Collaborative Knowledge Base Embedding for Recommender Systems.
collaborative knowledge base embedding	recommender systems
FISM: factored item similarity models for top-N recommender systems.
factored item similarity models	recommender systems
Unsupervised Plan Detection with Factor Graphs.
unsupervised plan detection	factor graphs
Searching and mining trillions of time series subsequences under dynamic time warping.
dynamic time warping	time series subsequences	mining trillions
Brand advertising, on-line audiences, and social media: invited talk.
brand advertising	social media	on-line audiences	invited talk
Algorithmic Bias: From Discrimination Discovery to Fairness-aware Data Mining.
fairness-aware data mining	algorithmic bias	discrimination discovery
Multi-class protein fold recognition using large margin logic based divide and conquer learning.
large margin logic based divide	multi-class protein fold recognition	conquer learning
SmartDispatch: enabling efficient ticket dispatch in an IT service environment.
enabling efficient ticket dispatch	service environment
Data mining using high performance data clouds: experimental studies using sector and sphere.
high performance data clouds	data mining	experimental studies
Revisiting Power-law Distributions in Spectra of Real World Networks.
real world networks	revisiting power-law distributions
Mapping search relevance to social networks.
mapping search relevance	social networks
NetCycle: Collective Evolution Inference in Heterogeneous Information Networks.
collective evolution inference	heterogeneous information networks
Network mining and analysis for social applications.
network mining	social applications
Pattern-Miner: integrated management and mining over data mining models.
data mining models	integrated management
A framework for community identification in dynamic social networks.
dynamic social networks	community identification
Data-Driven Metric Development for Online Controlled Experiments: Seven Lessons Learned.
data-driven metric development	online controlled experiments	lessons learned
Relevant overlapping subspace clusters on categorical data.
relevant overlapping subspace clusters	categorical data
Scalable Multidimensional Hierarchical Bayesian Modeling on Spark.
scalable multidimensional hierarchical bayesian modeling
A sparsity-inducing formulation for evolutionary co-clustering.
evolutionary co-clustering	sparsity-inducing formulation
Feature selection methods for text classification.
feature selection methods	text classification
FUNNEL: automatic mining of spatially coevolving epidemics.
spatially coevolving epidemics	automatic mining
Let's See Your Digits: Anomalous-State Detection using Benford's Law.
anomalous-state detection
Assortativity in Chung Lu Random Graph Models.
chung lu random graph models
Structure and attributes community detection: comparative analysis of composite, ensemble and selection methods.
attributes community detection	selection methods	comparative analysis
Semi-supervised learning with mixed knowledge information.
mixed knowledge information	semi-supervised learning
Inferring Networks of Substitutable and Complementary Products.
complementary products	inferring networks
Mining event periodicity from incomplete observations.
mining event periodicity	incomplete observations
Real-Time Top-R Topic Detection on Twitter with Topic Hijack Filtering.
topic hijack filtering	topic detection	real-time top-
We know what you want to buy: a demographic-based system for product recommendation on microblogs.
demographic-based system	product recommendation
Grouping students in educational settings.
educational settings	grouping students
A Subsequence Interleaving Model for Sequential Pattern Mining.
sequential pattern mining	subsequence interleaving model
Contextual Spatial Outlier Detection with Metric Learning.
contextual spatial outlier detection	metric learning
MFMS: maximal frequent module set mining from multiple human gene expression data sets.
multiple human gene expression data sets	maximal frequent module set mining
A probabilistic model for personalized tag prediction.
personalized tag prediction	probabilistic model
Rubik: Knowledge Guided Tensor Factorization and Completion for Health Data Analytics.
knowledge guided tensor factorization	health data analytics
Social interactions in P2P lending.
p2p lending	social interactions
Real-time risk control system for CNP (card not present).
real-time risk control system
Exploiting geographic dependencies for real estate appraisal: a mutual perspective of ranking and clustering.
real estate appraisal	exploiting geographic dependencies	mutual perspective
Mining topics in documents: standing on the shoulders of big data.
mining topics	big data
Collaborative Variational Autoencoder for Recommender Systems.
collaborative variational autoencoder	recommender systems
COSNET: Connecting Heterogeneous Social Networks with Local and Global Consistency.
connecting heterogeneous social networks	global consistency
Differentially private network data release via structural inference.
differentially private network data release	structural inference
Effective multi-label active learning for text classification.
effective multi-label active learning	text classification
Scalable kNN search on vertically stored time series.
vertically stored time series	scalable knn search
CaSMoS: A Framework for Learning Candidate Selection Models over Structured Queries and Documents.
learning candidate selection models	structured queries
Building semantic kernels for text classification using wikipedia.
building semantic kernels	text classification
Optimization in learning and data analysis.
data analysis
A Deep Hybrid Model for Weather Forecasting.
deep hybrid model	weather forecasting
Anarchists, Unite: Practical Entropy Approximation for Distributed Streams.
practical entropy approximation	distributed streams
An integrated system for automatic customer satisfaction analysis in the services industry.
automatic customer satisfaction analysis	integrated system	services industry
Interpretable nonnegative matrix decompositions.
interpretable nonnegative matrix decompositions
Content-driven trust propagation framework.
content-driven trust propagation framework
Structured metric learning for high dimensional problems.
high dimensional problems	structured metric learning
Massively parallel expectation maximization using graphics processing units.
massively parallel expectation maximization	graphics processing units
Clustering Individual Transactional Data for Masses of Users.
clustering individual transactional data
Accelerated singular value thresholding for matrix completion.
accelerated singular	matrix completion
Distortion as a validation criterion in the identification of suspicious reviews.
validation criterion	suspicious reviews
Inferring land use from mobile phone activity.
mobile phone activity	inferring land
Model Multiple Heterogeneity via Hierarchical Multi-Latent Space Learning.
hierarchical multi-latent space learning	model multiple heterogeneity
Proceedings of the 8th Workshop on Social Network Mining and Analysis, New York, NY, USA, August 24, 2014
social network mining	8th workshop
Analyzing expert behaviors in collaborative networks.
analyzing expert behaviors	collaborative networks
Regret-based online ranking for a growing digital library.
growing digital library	regret-based online ranking
Quantifying sentiment and influence in blogspaces.
quantifying sentiment
Scalable Top-n Local Outlier Detection.
local outlier detection	scalable top-
Google Vizier: A Service for Black-Box Optimization.
black-box optimization	google vizier
Experience from hosting a corporate prediction market: benefits beyond the forecasts.
corporate prediction market
Testing the significance of spatio-temporal teleconnection patterns.
spatio-temporal teleconnection patterns
A simple statistical model and association rule filtering for classification.
simple statistical model	association rule filtering
Proceedings of the Third International Workshop on Knowledge Discovery from Sensor Data, Paris, France, June 28, 2009
knowledge discovery	sensor data	international workshop
BBM: bayesian browsing model from petabyte-scale data.
bayesian browsing model	petabyte-scale data
Ranking Universities Based on Career Outcomes of Graduates.
ranking universities based	career outcomes
Multi-source learning with block-wise missing data for Alzheimer's disease prediction.
block-wise missing data	multi-source learning	disease prediction
Proceedings of the 22nd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, San Francisco, CA, USA, August 13-17, 2016
22nd acm sigkdd international conference	knowledge discovery	august 13-17	data mining	san francisco
SPF-GMKL: generalized multiple kernel learning with a million kernels.
generalized multiple kernel learning	million kernels
Stock Price Prediction via Discovering Multi-Frequency Trading Patterns.
discovering multi-frequency trading patterns	stock price prediction
Online phishing classification using adversarial data mining and signaling games.
adversarial data mining	online phishing classification	signaling games
On compressing social networks.
compressing social networks
Data-driven multi-touch attribution models.
data-driven multi-touch attribution models
A pattern discovery approach to retail fraud detection.
retail fraud detection	pattern discovery approach
Distributing the Stochastic Gradient Sampler for Large-Scale LDA.
stochastic gradient sampler	large-scale lda
Ranking Causal Anomalies via Temporal and Dynamical Analysis on Vanishing Correlations.
ranking causal anomalies	dynamical analysis	vanishing correlations
Dual active feature and sample selection for graph classification.
dual active feature	sample selection	graph classification
Representing documents through their readers.
representing documents
Large-scale learning of word relatedness with constraints.
word relatedness	large-scale learning
Continuous Experience-aware Language Model.
continuous experience-aware language model
Dynamics of a Collaborative Rating System.
collaborative rating system
Matrix Profile V: A Generic Technique to Incorporate Domain Knowledge into Motif Discovery.
incorporate domain knowledge	motif discovery	matrix profile	generic technique
Efficient ticket routing by resolution sequence mining.
efficient ticket routing	resolution sequence mining
Proceedings of the 2nd ACM SIGKDD International Workshop on Urban Computing, UrbComp@KDD 2013, Chicago, Illinois, USA, August 11, 2013
2nd acm sigkdd international workshop	urbcomp@kdd 2013	urban computing
Cross-media knowledge discovery.
cross-media knowledge discovery
Integrating community matching and outlier detection for mining evolutionary community outliers.
mining evolutionary community outliers	integrating community matching	outlier detection
Towards Interactive Construction of Topical Hierarchy: A Recursive Tensor Decomposition Approach.
recursive tensor decomposition approach	topical hierarchy	interactive construction
On socio-spatial group query for location-based social networks.
socio-spatial group query	location-based social networks
Discovering latent influence in online social activities via shared cascade poisson processes.
shared cascade poisson processes	online social activities	discovering latent influence
Probabilistic Graphical Models of Dyslexia.
probabilistic graphical models
A novel measure for validating clustering results applied to road traffic.
validating clustering results applied	road traffic
Learning, indexing, and diagnosing network faults.
diagnosing network faults
A new challenge of information processing under the 21st century.
information processing	21st century
Dynamically Modeling Patient's Health State from Electronic Medical Records: A Time Series Approach.
dynamically modeling patient	electronic medical records	time series approach	health state
When TEDDY meets GrizzLY: temporal dependency discovery for triggering road deicing operations.
triggering road deicing operations	temporal dependency discovery	teddy meets grizzly
LIEGE: : link entities in web lists with knowledge base.
web lists	link entities	knowledge base
Shared Execution of Clustering Tasks.
clustering tasks	shared execution
The business impact of deep learning.
deep learning	business impact
Prominent streak discovery in sequence data.
prominent streak discovery	sequence data
Communication Efficient Distributed Kernel Principal Component Analysis.
communication efficient distributed kernel principal component analysis
Fast and exact network trajectory similarity computation: a case-study on bicycle corridor planning.
exact network trajectory similarity computation	bicycle corridor planning
Quantification and semi-supervised classification methods for handling changes in class distribution.
semi-supervised classification methods	class distribution
Talent Circle Detection in Job Transition Networks.
job transition networks	talent circle detection
Democrats, republicans and starbucks afficionados: user classification in twitter.
starbucks afficionados	user classification
Constraint-driven clustering.
constraint-driven clustering
Entity disambiguation with hierarchical topic models.
hierarchical topic models	entity disambiguation
Proceedings of the First International KDD Workshop on Software Mining, SoftwareMining '12, Beijing, China, August 12, 2012
international kdd workshop	software mining
Intelligent file scoring system for malware detection from the gray list.
intelligent file scoring system	gray list	malware detection
Virus Propagation in Multiple Profile Networks.
multiple profile networks	virus propagation
Linearized GMM Kernels and Normalized Random Fourier Features.
normalized random fourier features	linearized gmm kernels
Efficient human computation: the distributed labeling problem.
distributed labeling problem	efficient human computation
Catch Me If You Can: Detecting Pickpocket Suspects from Large-Scale Transit Records.
large-scale transit records	detecting pickpocket suspects
Leveraging Label-Independent Features for Classification in Sparsely Labeled Networks: An Empirical Study.
sparsely labeled networks	leveraging label-independent features	empirical study
Clouded Intelligence.
clouded intelligence
IoT Big Data Stream Mining.
iot big data stream mining
Efficiently learning the accuracy of labeling sources for selective sampling.
labeling sources	selective sampling	efficiently learning
Malicious Code Detection Using Active Learning.
malicious code detection	active learning
Semi-supervised learning with data calibration for long-term time series forecasting.
long-term time series forecasting	semi-supervised learning	data calibration
Why We Twitter: An Analysis of a Microblogging Community.
microblogging community
Scalable Data Analytics Using R: Single Machines to Hadoop Spark Clusters.
scalable data analytics	hadoop spark clusters	single machines
Sampling minimal frequent boolean (DNF) patterns.
sampling minimal frequent boolean
Display advertising impact: search lift and social influence.
display advertising impact	search lift	social influence
Raising the baseline for high-precision text classifiers.
high-precision text classifiers
FLAP: An End-to-End Event Log Analysis Platform for System Management.
end-to-end event log analysis platform	system management
Topic-level social network search.
topic-level social network search
Mobile call graphs: beyond power-law and lognormal distributions.
mobile call graphs	lognormal distributions
Information diffusion and external influence in networks.
information diffusion	external influence
Parallel Dual Coordinate Descent Method for Large-scale Linear Classification in Multi-core Environments.
parallel dual coordinate descent method	large-scale linear classification	multi-core environments
Analyzing patterns of user content generation in online social networks.
user content generation	online social networks	analyzing patterns
Human Mobility Synchronization and Trip Purpose Detection with Mixture of Hawkes Processes.
human mobility synchronization	trip purpose detection	hawkes processes
Universal multi-dimensional scaling.
universal multi-dimensional scaling
Frequent Subgraph Discovery in Large Attributed Streaming Graphs.
large attributed streaming graphs	frequent subgraph discovery
Incrementally optimized decision tree for noisy big data.
incrementally optimized decision tree	noisy big data
Combination of feature engineering and ranking models for paper-author identification in KDD Cup 2013.
feature engineering	kdd cup 2013	ranking models	paper-author identification
Question Independent Grading using Machine Learning: The Case of Computer Program Grading.
question independent grading	computer program grading	machine learning
Boosted Decision Tree Regression Adjustment for Variance Reduction in Online Controlled Experiments.
boosted decision tree regression adjustment	online controlled experiments	variance reduction
Learning Tree-Structured Detection Cascades for Heterogeneous Networks of Embedded Devices.
learning tree-structured detection cascades	heterogeneous networks	embedded devices
A Text Clustering Algorithm Using an Online Clustering Scheme for Initialization.
text clustering algorithm	online clustering scheme
Differentially private data release for data mining.
differentially private data release	data mining
Prediction of human emergency behavior and their mobility following large-scale disaster.
human emergency behavior	large-scale disaster
Dynamic Clustering of Streaming Short Documents.
streaming short documents	dynamic clustering
Learning Certifiably Optimal Rule Lists.
learning certifiably optimal rule lists
Robust sparse estimation of multiresponse regression and inverse covariance matrix via the L2 distance.
inverse covariance matrix	robust sparse estimation	multiresponse regression	l2 distance
Dependency clustering across measurement scales.
dependency clustering	measurement scales
Nonlinear adaptive distance metric learning for clustering.
nonlinear adaptive distance metric learning
Learning to Learn and Compositionality with Deep Recurrent Neural Networks: Learning to Learn and Compositionality.
deep recurrent neural networks
Confluence: conformity influence in large social networks.
large social networks	conformity influence
DTW-D: time series semi-supervised learning from a single example.
time series semi-supervised learning
Amplifying the voice of youth in Africa via text analytics.
text analytics
Bypass rates: reducing query abandonment using negative inferences.
reducing query abandonment	negative inferences	bypass rates
Cross-task crowdsourcing.
cross-task crowdsourcing
Sparsification of influence networks.
influence networks
Automatic labeling of multinomial topic models.
multinomial topic models	automatic labeling
Following the electrons: methods for power management in commercial buildings.
power management	commercial buildings
Fast structure learning in generalized stochastic processes with latent factors.
fast structure learning	generalized stochastic processes	latent factors
Scalable Machine Learning Approaches for Neighborhood Classification Using Very High Resolution Remote Sensing Imagery.
high resolution remote sensing imagery	scalable machine learning approaches	neighborhood classification
Detecting privacy leaks using corpus-based association rules.
detecting privacy leaks	corpus-based association rules
Training and testing of recommender systems on data missing not at random.
data missing	recommender systems
Learning to Generate Rock Descriptions from Multivariate Well Logs with Hierarchical Attention.
generate rock descriptions	hierarchical attention
User Identity Linkage by Latent User Space Modelling.
latent user space modelling	user identity linkage
The mathematics of causal inference.
causal inference
TrustWalker: a random walk model for combining trust-based and item-based recommendation.
random walk model	item-based recommendation	combining trust-based
Ego-Splitting Framework: from Non-Overlapping to Overlapping Clusters.
overlapping clusters	ego-splitting framework
Incremental Anomaly Detection Approach for Characterizing Unusual Profiles.
incremental anomaly detection approach	characterizing unusual profiles
Communication-Efficient Distributed Block Minimization for Nonlinear Kernel Machines.
communication-efficient distributed block minimization	nonlinear kernel machines
D-INDEX: a web environment for analyzing dependences among scientific collaborators.
scientific collaborators	web environment	analyzing dependences
Proceedings of the 3rd Workshop on Social Network Mining and Analysis, SNAKDD 2009, Paris, France, June 28, 2009
social network mining	3rd workshop
Analysis of obligate and non-obligate complexes using desolvation energies in domain-domain interactions.
desolvation energies	domain-domain interactions	non-obligate complexes
Mining correlated bursty topic patterns from coordinated text streams.
mining correlated bursty topic patterns	coordinated text streams
Growing a tree in the forest: constructing folksonomies by integrating structured metadata.
integrating structured metadata	constructing folksonomies
Matrix Completion with Queries.
matrix completion
Predictive client-side profiles for personalized advertising.
predictive client-side profiles	personalized advertising
Long-memory time series ensembles for concept shift detection.
long-memory time series ensembles	concept shift detection
Active learning and search on low-rank matrices.
low-rank matrices	active learning
Graph-Based User Behavior Modeling: From Prediction to Fraud Detection.
graph-based user behavior modeling	fraud detection
Active learning for biomedical citation screening.
biomedical citation screening	active learning
Bridging Collaborative Filtering and Semi-Supervised Learning: A Neural Approach for POI Recommendation.
bridging collaborative filtering	neural approach	semi-supervised learning	poi recommendation
I want to answer; who has a question?: Yahoo! answers recommender system.
answers recommender system
Intention oriented itinerary recommendation by bridging physical trajectories and online social networks.
intention oriented itinerary recommendation	bridging physical trajectories	online social networks
Simultaneous Discovery of Common and Discriminative Topics via Joint Nonnegative Matrix Factorization.
joint nonnegative matrix factorization	discriminative topics	simultaneous discovery
Ranking-based classification of heterogeneous information networks.
heterogeneous information networks	ranking-based classification
struc2vec: Learning Node Representations from Structural Identity.
learning node representations	structural identity
Direct optimization of ranking measures for learning to rank models.
ranking measures	direct optimization	rank models
On burstiness-aware search for document sequences.
document sequences	burstiness-aware search
Data-driven study of urban infrastructure to enable city-wide ubiquitous computing.
enable city-wide ubiquitous computing	data-driven study	urban infrastructure
Stream Sampling for Frequency Cap Statistics.
frequency cap statistics	stream sampling
Ask me better questions: active learning queries based on rule induction.
active learning queries based	rule induction
SeqiBloc: mining multi-time spanning blockmodels in dynamic graphs.
mining multi-time spanning blockmodels	dynamic graphs
Big data analytics for healthcare.
big data analytics
LikeMiner: a system for mining the power of 'like' in social media networks.
social media networks
An efficient algorithm for a class of fused lasso problems.
fused lasso problems	efficient algorithm
A probabilistic framework for relational clustering.
probabilistic framework	relational clustering
Conditional topical coding: an efficient topic model conditioned on rich features.
efficient topic model conditioned	conditional topical coding	rich features
Real-time disease surveillance using Twitter data: demonstration on flu and cancer.
real-time disease surveillance	twitter data
Supervised clustering via principal component analysis in a retrieval application.
principal component analysis	retrieval application	supervised clustering
Large-Scale Machine Learning at Verizon: Theory and Applications.
large-scale machine learning
Avoiding the crowds: understanding Tube station congestion patterns from trip data.
understanding tube station congestion patterns	trip data
Scalable graph clustering using stochastic flows: applications to community discovery.
scalable graph clustering	stochastic flows	community discovery
Batch discovery of recurring rare classes toward identifying anomalous samples.
identifying anomalous samples	recurring rare classes	batch discovery
Robust Large-Scale Machine Learning in the Cloud.
robust large-scale machine learning
Proceedings of the 12th International Workshop on Data Mining in Bioinformatics, BioKDD 2013, Chicago, IL, USA, August 11, 2013
12th international workshop	data mining
Determining content power users in a blog network.
determining content power users	blog network
Suggesting friends using the implicit social graph.
implicit social graph	suggesting friends
User Modeling in Telecommunications and Internet Industry.
user modeling	internet industry
An empirical study of reserve price optimisation in real-time bidding.
reserve price optimisation	real-time bidding	empirical study
SCRAM: A Sharing Considered Route Assignment Mechanism for Fair Taxi Route Recommendations.
sharing considered route assignment mechanism	fair taxi route recommendations
User effort minimization through adaptive diversification.
user effort minimization	adaptive diversification
Towards time-aware link prediction in evolving social networks.
evolving social networks	time-aware link prediction
From Online Behaviors to Offline Retailing.
online behaviors	offline retailing
BGP-lens: patterns and anomalies in internet routing updates.
internet routing updates
Debiasing Crowdsourced Batches.
debiasing crowdsourced batches
Heat pump detection from coarse grained smart meter data with positive and unlabeled learning.
coarse grained smart meter data	heat pump detection	unlabeled learning
Scaling Machine Learning and Statistics for Web Applications.
scaling machine learning	web applications
Mining recent temporal patterns for event detection in multivariate time series data.
mining recent temporal patterns	multivariate time series data	event detection
Multi-Touch Attribution Based Budget Allocation in Online Advertising.
multi-touch attribution based budget allocation	online advertising
Information Theoretic Criteria for Community Detection.
information theoretic criteria	community detection
Panel: a data scientist's guide to making money from start-ups.
making money	data scientist
Bootstrapped language identification for multi-site internet domains.
multi-site internet domains	bootstrapped language identification
Diversified Temporal Subgraph Pattern Mining.
diversified temporal subgraph pattern mining
Ameliorating buyer's remorse.
ameliorating buyer
Sustainable operation and management of data center chillers using temporal data mining.
temporal data mining	data center chillers	sustainable operation
TANGENT: a novel, 'Surprise me', recommendation algorithm.
recommendation algorithm
Heterogeneous source consensus learning via decision propagation and negotiation.
heterogeneous source consensus learning	decision propagation
Heidi matrix: nearest neighbor driven high dimensional data visualization.
nearest neighbor driven high dimensional data visualization	heidi matrix
Sentiment expression conditioned by affective transitions and social forces.
sentiment expression conditioned	affective transitions	social forces
Space missions & sensor networking: challenging scenarios.
space missions & sensor networking	challenging scenarios
Diversity in ranking via resistive graph centers.
resistive graph centers
Consensus group stable feature selection.
consensus group stable feature selection
Mining Big Data in NeuroGenetics to Understand Muscular Dystrophy.
understand muscular dystrophy	mining big data
HeteRecom: a semantic-based recommendation systemin heterogeneous networks.
semantic-based recommendation systemin heterogeneous networks
Fast Enumeration of Large k-Plexes.
large k-plexes	fast enumeration
Bid-aware Gradient Descent for Unbiased Learning with Censored Data in Display Advertising.
bid-aware gradient descent	unbiased learning	censored data	display advertising
Large-scale distributed non-negative sparse coding and sparse dictionary learning.
large-scale distributed non-negative sparse coding	sparse dictionary learning
Graph Query Reformulation with Diversity.
graph query reformulation
Predicting Socio-Economic Indicators using News Events.
predicting socio-economic indicators	news events
Constrained stochastic gradient descent for large-scale least squares problem.
constrained stochastic gradient descent	squares problem
Learning methods for lung tumor markerless gating in image-guided radiotherapy.
lung tumor markerless gating	learning methods	image-guided radiotherapy
Streamed approximate counting of distinct elements: beating optimal batch methods.
beating optimal batch methods	streamed approximate counting	distinct elements
Fast approximate similarity search based on degree-reduced neighborhood graphs.
fast approximate similarity search based	degree-reduced neighborhood graphs
Lazy naive credal classifier.
lazy naive credal classifier
Audience selection for on-line brand advertising: privacy-friendly social network targeting.
privacy-friendly social network targeting	on-line brand advertising	audience selection
Optimizing parallel belief propagation in junction treesusing regression.
optimizing parallel belief propagation	junction treesusing regression
SPARTan: Scalable PARAFAC2 for Large & Sparse Data.
large & sparse data	scalable parafac2
Robust and Effective Metric Learning Using Capped Trace Norm: Metric Learning via Capped Trace Norm.
capped trace norm	effective metric learning	metric learning
Big data for social good.
big data	social good
GBASE: a scalable and general graph management system.
general graph management system
Transductive multi-label ensemble classification for protein function prediction.
transductive multi-label ensemble classification	protein function prediction
Revenue optimization with relevance constraint in sponsored search.
revenue optimization	sponsored search	relevance constraint
Voltage Correlations in Smart Meter Data.
smart meter data	voltage correlations
Recurrent Poisson Factorization for Temporal Recommendation.
recurrent poisson factorization	temporal recommendation
Angle-based outlier detection in high-dimensional data.
angle-based outlier detection	high-dimensional data
Non-parametric scan statistics for event detection and forecasting in heterogeneous social media graphs.
heterogeneous social media graphs	non-parametric scan statistics	event detection
Improving the modified nyström method using spectral shifting.
modified nyströ	spectral shifting
Time series shapelets: a new primitive for data mining.
time series shapelets	data mining
Fast direction-aware proximity for graph mining.
fast direction-aware proximity	graph mining
Learning Temporal State of Diabetes Patients via Combining Behavioral and Demographic Data.
learning temporal state	diabetes patients	combining behavioral	demographic data
Frequent regular itemset mining.
frequent regular itemset mining
RBEM: a rule based approach to polarity detection.
rule based approach	polarity detection
Identifying breakpoints in public opinion.
public opinion	identifying breakpoints
Multiscale topic tomography.
multiscale topic tomography
Improving the Sensitivity of Online Controlled Experiments: Case Studies at Netflix.
online controlled experiments	case studies
Parallel SimRank computation on large graphs with iterative aggregation.
parallel simrank computation	large graphs	iterative aggregation
Anonymizing transaction databases for publication.
anonymizing transaction databases
A system for extracting top-K lists from the web.
extracting top-
Incorporating site-level knowledge for incremental crawling of web forums: a list-wise strategy.
incorporating site-level knowledge	web forums	list-wise strategy	incremental crawling
Handling missing values in GPS surveys using survival analysis: a GPS case study of outdoor advertising.
handling missing values	gps case study	gps surveys	survival analysis	outdoor advertising
Adaptive Message Update for Fast Affinity Propagation.
adaptive message update	fast affinity propagation
Collaborative boosting for activity classification in microblogs.
collaborative boosting	activity classification
Proceedings of the ACM SIGKDD Workshop on Visual Analytics and Knowledge Discovery: Integrating Automated Analysis with Interactive Exploration, Paris, France, June 28, 2009
acm sigkdd workshop	integrating automated analysis	visual analytics	knowledge discovery	interactive exploration
"Which half Is wasted?": controlled experiments to measure online-advertising effectiveness.
measure online-advertising effectiveness	controlled experiments
Stable feature selection via dense feature groups.
stable feature selection	dense feature groups
How Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Created Rocket Fuel: A Case Study.
big data created rocket fuel	case study	artificial intelligence
Mining Administrative Data to Spur Urban Revitalization.
mining administrative data	spur urban revitalization
Discovering the hidden structure of house prices with a non-parametric latent manifold model.
non-parametric latent manifold model	hidden structure	house prices
Deep Choice Model Using Pointer Networks for Airline Itinerary Prediction.
deep choice model	airline itinerary prediction	pointer networks
Formative Essay Feedback Using Predictive Scoring Models.
formative essay feedback	predictive scoring models
Deep Graph Kernels.
deep graph kernels
TOPTRAC: Topical Trajectory Pattern Mining.
topical trajectory pattern mining
An integrated framework for optimizing automatic monitoring systems in large IT infrastructures.
optimizing automatic monitoring systems	integrated framework
Name-ethnicity classification from open sources.
name-ethnicity classification	open sources
Algorithms for mining uncertain graph data.
mining uncertain graph data
Corporate residence fraud detection.
corporate residence fraud detection
Big data, big business: bridging the gap.
big business	big data
Multi-label hypothesis reuse.
multi-label hypothesis reuse
DEMON: a local-first discovery method for overlapping communities.
discovery method	overlapping communities
Identifying Police Officers at Risk of Adverse Events.
identifying police officers	adverse events
Comparing graph-based representations of protein for mining purposes.
comparing graph-based representations	mining purposes
Identifying users profiles from mobile calls habits.
identifying users profiles	mobile calls habits
Ad quality on TV: predicting television audience retention.
predicting television audience retention	ad quality
From market baskets to mole rats: using data mining techniques to analyze RFID data describing laboratory animal behavior.
analyze rfid data describing laboratory animal behavior	data mining techniques	mole rats	market baskets
Foreword to the Applied Data Science: Invited Talks Track at KDD-2017.
invited talks track	applied data science
A Machine Learning Framework to Identify Students at Risk of Adverse Academic Outcomes.
machine learning framework	adverse academic outcomes	identify students
Pleasing the advertising oracle: Probabilistic prediction from sampled, aggregated ground truth.
aggregated ground truth	probabilistic prediction	advertising oracle
On the equivalent of low-rank linear regressions and linear discriminant analysis based regressions.
linear discriminant analysis based regressions	low-rank linear regressions
Multi-task copula by sparse graph regression.
sparse graph regression	multi-task copula
Gas Concentration Reconstruction for Coal-Fired Boilers Using Gaussian Process.
gas concentration reconstruction	coal-fired boilers	gaussian process
Scalable Pattern Matching over Compressed Graphs via Dedensification.
scalable pattern matching	compressed graphs
Scalable Fast Rank-1 Dictionary Learning for fMRI Big Data Analysis.
scalable fast rank-1 dictionary learning	fmri big data analysis
A Truth Discovery Approach with Theoretical Guarantee.
truth discovery approach	theoretical guarantee
End-to-end Learning for Short Text Expansion.
short text expansion	end-to-end learning
The minimum consistent subset cover problem and its applications in data mining.
minimum consistent subset cover problem	data mining
Improving predictions using aggregate information.
aggregate information	improving predictions
LungCAD: a clinically approved, machine learning system for lung cancer detection.
lung cancer detection	machine learning system	clinically approved
Large-scale sparse logistic regression.
large-scale sparse logistic regression
STAR: A System for Ticket Analysis and Resolution.
ticket analysis
Using "big data" to solve "small data" problems.
small data	big data
A framework for classification and segmentation of massive audio data streams.
massive audio data streams
Clustering by synchronization.
clustering
Scalable influence maximization for prevalent viral marketing in large-scale social networks.
prevalent viral marketing	large-scale social networks	scalable influence maximization
Maximizing acceptance probability for active friending in online social networks.
maximizing acceptance probability	online social networks	active friending
A learning framework using Green's function and kernel regularization with application to recommender system.
recommender system	kernel regularization	learning framework
Human mobility, social ties, and link prediction.
human mobility	link prediction	social ties
0-Bit Consistent Weighted Sampling.
0-bit consistent weighted sampling
Magnet community identification on social networks.
magnet community identification	social networks
Modeling impression discounting in large-scale recommender systems.
modeling impression discounting	large-scale recommender systems
The Fake vs Real Goods Problem: Microscopy and Machine Learning to the Rescue.
real goods problem	machine learning
Information cascade at group scale.
group scale	information cascade
Modeling relational events via latent classes.
modeling relational events	latent classes
An inductive database prototype based on virtual mining views.
inductive database prototype based	virtual mining views
Profiling Users from Online Social Behaviors with Applications for Tencent Social Ads.
online social behaviors	tencent social ads	profiling users
Finding non-redundant, statistically significant regions in high dimensional data: a novel approach to projected and subspace clustering.
high dimensional data	statistically significant regions	finding non-redundant	subspace clustering
Identifying domain expertise of developers from source code.
identifying domain expertise	source code
Knowledge discovery of semantic relationships between words using nonparametric bayesian graph model.
nonparametric bayesian graph model	knowledge discovery	semantic relationships
Compression of weighted graphs.
weighted graphs
Probabilistic Community and Role Model for Social Networks.
probabilistic community	role model	social networks
Knowledge Discovery from Sensor Data, Second International Workshop, Sensor-KDD 2008, Las Vegas, NV, USA, August 24-27, 2008, Revised Selected Papers
revised selected papers	august 24-27	knowledge discovery	las vegas	sensor data	international workshop
LEAP: Learning to Prescribe Effective and Safe Treatment Combinations for Multimorbidity.
safe treatment combinations	prescribe effective
Aggregating web offers to determine product prices.
determine product prices	aggregating web offers
Discrimination-aware data mining.
discrimination-aware data mining
Differentially Private Recommender Systems: Building Privacy into the Netflix Prize Contenders.
differentially private recommender systems	netflix prize contenders	building privacy
SkyTree: scalable skyline computation for sensor data.
scalable skyline computation	sensor data
Analyze influenza virus sequences using binary encoding approach.
analyze influenza virus sequences	binary encoding approach
Recursive regularization for large-scale classification with hierarchical and graphical dependencies.
recursive regularization	graphical dependencies	large-scale classification
Computational Drug Repositioning Using Continuous Self-Controlled Case Series.
continuous self-controlled case series	computational drug repositioning
Practical collapsed variational bayes inference for hierarchical dirichlet process.
practical collapsed variational bayes inference	hierarchical dirichlet process
On social event organization.
social event organization
Proceedings of the 13th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, San Jose, California, USA, August 12-15, 2007
13th acm sigkdd international conference	august 12-15	san jose	knowledge discovery	data mining
A study of online service and information exposure of public companies.
public companies	information exposure	online service
Address standardization with latent semantic association.
latent semantic association	address standardization
Tell me what i need to know: succinctly summarizing data with itemsets.
succinctly summarizing data
Diagnosing memory leaks using graph mining on heap dumps.
diagnosing memory leaks	heap dumps	graph mining
Structured Doubly Stochastic Matrix for Graph Based Clustering: Structured Doubly Stochastic Matrix.
structured doubly stochastic matrix	graph based clustering
MARAS: Signaling Multi-Drug Adverse Reactions.
signaling multi-drug adverse reactions
Diversified ranking on large graphs: an optimization viewpoint.
large graphs	optimization viewpoint	diversified ranking
Comparing apples to oranges: a scalable solution with heterogeneous hashing.
scalable solution	heterogeneous hashing	comparing apples
A Dynamic Pricing Model for Unifying Programmatic Guarantee and Real-Time Bidding in Display Advertising.
unifying programmatic guarantee	dynamic pricing model	real-time bidding	display advertising
Proceedings of the 3rd International Workshop on Big Data, Streams and Heterogeneous Source Mining: Algorithms, Systems, Programming Models and Applications, BigMine 2014, New York City, USA, August 24, 2014
3rd international workshop	heterogeneous source mining	big data	york city	programming models
Grafting-light: fast, incremental feature selection and structure learning of Markov random fields.
incremental feature selection	markov random fields	structure learning
Discovering urban spatial-temporal structure from human activity patterns.
discovering urban spatial-temporal structure	human activity patterns
Improving quality control by early prediction of manufacturing outcomes.
improving quality control	early prediction	manufacturing outcomes
Mining large-scale, sparse GPS traces for map inference: comparison of approaches.
sparse gps traces	mining large-scale	map inference
Trajectory pattern mining.
trajectory pattern mining
Finding contexts of social influence in online social networks.
online social networks	social influence	finding contexts
Recruitment Market Trend Analysis with Sequential Latent Variable Models.
sequential latent variable models	recruitment market trend analysis
Time-dependent event hierarchy construction.
time-dependent event hierarchy construction
Convolutional Neural Networks for Steady Flow Approximation.
steady flow approximation	convolutional neural networks
Silence is also evidence: interpreting dwell time for recommendation from psychological perspective.
interpreting dwell time	psychological perspective
Domain Adaptation in the Absence of Source Domain Data.
source domain data	domain adaptation
Reciprocity in Social Networks with Capacity Constraints.
capacity constraints	social networks
Large Scale Distributed Data Science using Apache Spark.
large scale distributed data science	apache spark
Bolt: Accelerated Data Mining with Fast Vector Compression.
fast vector compression	accelerated data mining
Proceedings of the Tenth International Workshop on Data Mining in Bioinformatics, BIOKDD '11, San Diego, California, USA, August 21, 2011
tenth international workshop	san diego	data mining
Learning to combine discriminative classifiers: confidence based.
combine discriminative classifiers	confidence based
A bayesian mixture model with linear regression mixing proportions.
linear regression mixing proportions	bayesian mixture model
Proceedings of the First Workshop on Social Media Analytics, SOMA@KDD 2010, Washington, DC, USA, July 25, 2010
social media analytics	soma@kdd 2010
ClusCite: effective citation recommendation by information network-based clustering.
information network-based clustering	effective citation recommendation
FUSE: Full Spectral Clustering.
full spectral clustering
Incorporating heterogeneous information for personalized tag recommendation in social tagging systems.
personalized tag recommendation	incorporating heterogeneous information	social tagging systems
Kam1n0: MapReduce-based Assembly Clone Search for Reverse Engineering.
mapreduce-based assembly clone search	reverse engineering
GigaTensor: scaling tensor analysis up by 100 times - algorithms and discoveries.
scaling tensor analysis
Learning with dual heterogeneity: a nonparametric bayes model.
nonparametric bayes model	dual heterogeneity
Supervised learning for provenance-similarity of binaries.
supervised learning
LAICOS: an open source platform for personalized social web search.
personalized social web search	open source platform
Daily travel behavior: lessons from a week-long survey for the extraction of human mobility motifs related information.
human mobility motifs related information	daily travel behavior	week-long survey
Random Decision Hashing for Massive Data Learning.
massive data learning	random decision hashing
Improving classification accuracy using automatically extracted training data.
automatically extracted training data	improving classification accuracy
PPDsparse: A Parallel Primal-Dual Sparse Method for Extreme Classification.
parallel primal-dual sparse method	extreme classification
Discriminant malware distance learning on structural information for automated malware classification.
discriminant malware distance learning	automated malware classification	structural information
A Sub-linear, Massive-scale Look-alike Audience Extension System A Massive-scale Look-alike Audience Extension.
massive-scale look-alike audience extension system	massive-scale look-alike audience extension
Mining preferences from superior and inferior examples.
mining preferences	inferior examples
Filling context-ad vocabulary gaps with click logs.
filling context-ad vocabulary gaps	click logs
The Million Domain Challenge: Broadcast Email Prioritization by Cross-domain Recommendation.
million domain challenge	broadcast email prioritization	cross-domain recommendation
People, Computers, and The Hot Mess of Real Data.
real data	hot mess
Incremental and decremental training for linear classification.
decremental training	linear classification
Randomization methods in data mining.
randomization methods	data mining
Games for games: manipulating contexts in human computation games.
human computation games	manipulating contexts
Network Inference via the Time-Varying Graphical Lasso.
time-varying graphical lasso	network inference
Matching unstructured product offers to structured product specifications.
matching unstructured product offers	structured product specifications
Trading representability for scalability: adaptive multi-hyperplane machine for nonlinear classification.
adaptive multi-hyperplane machine	nonlinear classification	trading representability
Selective sampling on graphs for classification.
selective sampling
Seven rules of thumb for web site experimenters.
web site experimenters
Structural and temporal analysis of the blogosphere through community factorization.
temporal analysis	community factorization
Semi-supervised feature selection for graph classification.
semi-supervised feature selection	graph classification
Exploiting user clicks for automatic seed set generation for entity matching.
automatic seed set generation	exploiting user clicks	entity matching
Practical Lessons from Predicting Clicks on Ads at Facebook.
predicting clicks	practical lessons
Shallow semantic parsing of product offering titles (for better automatic hyperlink insertion).
shallow semantic parsing	product offering titles	automatic hyperlink insertion
Promoting Positive Post-Click Experience for In-Stream Yahoo Gemini Users.
promoting positive post-click experience	in-stream yahoo gemini users
Collaboratively Improving Topic Discovery and Word Embeddings by Coordinating Global and Local Contexts.
collaboratively improving topic discovery	word embeddings	coordinating global	local contexts
Characterizing large-scale population's indoor spatio-temporal interactive behaviors.
indoor spatio-temporal interactive behaviors	characterizing large-scale population
Deep Design: Product Aesthetics for Heterogeneous Markets.
heterogeneous markets	product aesthetics	deep design
Deep Crossing: Web-Scale Modeling without Manually Crafted Combinatorial Features.
manually crafted combinatorial features	web-scale modeling	deep crossing
Migration motif: a spatial - temporal pattern mining approach for financial markets.
temporal pattern mining approach	migration motif	financial markets
Towards Optimal Cardinality Estimation of Unions and Intersections with Sketches.
optimal cardinality estimation
KissKissBan: a competitive human computation game for image annotation.
competitive human computation game	image annotation
Scalable histograms on large probabilistic data.
large probabilistic data	scalable histograms
NIMBLE: a toolkit for the implementation of parallel data mining and machine learning algorithms on mapreduce.
parallel data mining	machine learning algorithms
Article clipper: a system for web article extraction.
web article extraction	article clipper
Learning to trade off between exploration and exploitation in multiclass bandit prediction.
multiclass bandit prediction
TagCaptcha: annotating images with CAPTCHAs.
annotating images
Improved testing of low rank matrices.
low rank matrices	improved testing
Burstiness Scale: A Parsimonious Model for Characterizing Random Series of Events.
characterizing random series	parsimonious model	burstiness scale
Efficient frequent item counting in multi-core hardware.
efficient frequent item counting	multi-core hardware
Speeding up large-scale learning with a social prior.
social prior	large-scale learning
Smoothing techniques for adaptive online language models: topic tracking in tweet streams.
adaptive online language models	tweet streams	topic tracking	smoothing techniques
Subspace Clustering Using Log-determinant Rank Approximation.
log-determinant rank approximation	subspace clustering
Trading Interpretability for Accuracy: Oblique Treed Sparse Additive Models.
oblique treed sparse additive models	trading interpretability
A data-driven method for in-game decision making in MLB: when to pull a starting pitcher.
in-game decision making	data-driven method	starting pitcher
Optimizing Marketing Impact through Data Driven Decisioning.
data driven decisioning	optimizing marketing impact
Pricing guidance in ad sale negotiations: the PrintAds example.
ad sale negotiations	pricing guidance
Efficient methods for topic model inference on streaming document collections.
topic model inference	streaming document collections	efficient methods
Who are experts specializing in landscape photography?: analyzing topic-specific authority on content sharing services.
analyzing topic-specific authority	content sharing services	experts specializing	landscape photography
Feature shaping for linear SVM classifiers.
linear svm classifiers	feature shaping
An energy-efficient mobile recommender system.
energy-efficient mobile recommender system
Leakage in data mining: formulation, detection, and avoidance.
data mining
Hypergraph spectral learning for multi-label classification.
hypergraph spectral learning	multi-label classification
Behavior Informatics to Discover Behavior Insight for Active and Tailored Client Management.
tailored client management	discover behavior insight	behavior informatics
TurboGraph: a fast parallel graph engine handling billion-scale graphs in a single PC.
fast parallel graph engine handling billion-scale graphs	single pc
Data, predictions, and decisions in support of people and society.
people
Subscriber classification within telecom networks utilizing big data technologies and machine learning.
telecom networks utilizing big data technologies	subscriber classification	machine learning
A time-dependent enhanced support vector machine for time series regression.
time-dependent enhanced support vector machine	time series regression
A structural cluster kernel for learning on graphs.
structural cluster kernel
Tornado Forecasting with Multiple Markov Boundaries.
multiple markov boundaries	tornado forecasting
Weighting versus pruning in rule validation for detecting network and host anomalies.
weighting versus pruning	detecting network	host anomalies	rule validation
WiFi Miner: An Online Apriori-Infrequent Based Wireless Intrusion System.
online apriori-infrequent based wireless intrusion system	wifi miner
Rank-loss support instance machines for MIML instance annotation.
rank-loss support instance machines	miml instance annotation
Genre-based decomposition of email class noise.
email class noise	genre-based decomposition
Estimation of urban commuting patterns using cellphone network data.
cellphone network data	urban commuting patterns
Driving with knowledge from the physical world.
physical world
Client Clustering for Hiring Modeling in Work Marketplaces.
client clustering	work marketplaces	hiring modeling
The Microsoft academic search dataset and KDD Cup 2013.
microsoft academic search dataset	kdd cup 2013
To buy or not to buy: that is the question.
buy
Combining latent factor model with location features for event-based group recommendation.
combining latent factor model	event-based group recommendation	location features
Learning patterns in the dynamics of biological networks.
biological networks	learning patterns
Fast nearest-neighbor search in disk-resident graphs.
fast nearest-neighbor search	disk-resident graphs
Incremental all pairs similarity search for varying similarity thresholds.
pairs similarity search	varying similarity thresholds
Efficient computation of personal aggregate queries on blogs.
personal aggregate queries	efficient computation
A sequential dual method for large scale multi-class linear svms.
large scale multi-class linear svms	sequential dual method
Influence at Scale: Distributed Computation of Complex Contagion in Networks.
complex contagion	distributed computation
Keyword-propagation-based information enriching and noise removal for web news videos.
web news videos	keyword-propagation-based information enriching	noise removal
Business Applications of Predictive Modeling at Scale.
business applications	predictive modeling
Stochastic collapsed variational Bayesian inference for latent Dirichlet allocation.
stochastic collapsed variational bayesian inference	latent dirichlet allocation
Key lessons learned building recommender systems for large-scale social networks.
key lessons learned building recommender systems	large-scale social networks
Accurate intelligible models with pairwise interactions.
accurate intelligible models	pairwise interactions
On formal models for social verification.
formal models	social verification
Large-scale Collaborative Ranking in Near-Linear Time.
large-scale collaborative ranking	near-linear time
Preface.
preface
A Multiresolution Approach to Recommender Systems.
multiresolution approach	recommender systems
Tracking multiple topics for finding interesting articles.
finding interesting articles	tracking multiple topics
Top-k frequent itemsets via differentially private FP-trees.
differentially private fp-trees	frequent itemsets
Redefining class definitions using constraint-based clustering: an application to remote sensing of the earth's surface.
redefining class definitions	remote sensing	constraint-based clustering
Leveraging Knowledge Bases for Contextual Entity Exploration.
leveraging knowledge bases	contextual entity exploration
Using hierarchical clustering for learning theontologies used in recommendation systems.
hierarchical clustering	recommendation systems	learning theontologies
An efficient causal discovery algorithm for linear models.
efficient causal discovery algorithm	linear models
SigniTrend: scalable detection of emerging topics in textual streams by hashed significance thresholds.
hashed significance thresholds	emerging topics	textual streams	scalable detection
Thumbs-Up: a game for playing to rank search results.
rank search results
Supporting Employer Name Normalization at both Entity and Cluster Level.
cluster level	supporting employer
Efficient Frequent Directions Algorithm for Sparse Matrices.
efficient frequent directions algorithm	sparse matrices
Local Higher-Order Graph Clustering.
local higher-order graph clustering
Large Scale CVR Prediction through Dynamic Transfer Learning of Global and Local Features.
large scale cvr prediction	dynamic transfer learning	local features
ISIS: a networked-epidemiology based pervasive web app for infectious disease pandemic planning and response.
networked-epidemiology based pervasive web app	infectious disease pandemic planning
Hierarchical difference scatterplots interactive visual analysis of data cubes.
hierarchical difference scatterplots interactive visual analysis	data cubes
Identifying purpose behind electoral tweets.
electoral tweets	identifying purpose
Algorithms for speeding up distance-based outlier detection.
distance-based outlier detection
Drug-target interaction prediction for drug repurposing with probabilistic similarity logic.
drug-target interaction prediction	probabilistic similarity logic	drug repurposing
Point-of-Interest Demand Modeling with Human Mobility Patterns.
human mobility patterns	point-of-interest demand modeling
A Local Algorithm for Structure-Preserving Graph Cut.
structure-preserving graph cut	local algorithm
Video analytics solution for tracking customer locations in retail shopping malls.
video analytics solution	retail shopping malls	tracking customer locations
Probabilistic latent semantic user segmentation for behavioral targeted advertising.
probabilistic latent semantic user segmentation	behavioral targeted advertising
A tool for collecting provenance data in social media.
collecting provenance data	social media
Distributed Personalization.
distributed personalization
2D similarity kernels for biological sequence classification.
biological sequence classification	2d similarity kernels
Experimental comparison of scalable online ad serving.
scalable online ad serving	experimental comparison
Sentribute: image sentiment analysis from a mid-level perspective.
image sentiment analysis	mid-level perspective
A unified search federation system based on online user feedback.
unified search federation system based	online user feedback
Mining templates from search result records of search engines.
search result records	search engines	mining templates
Understanding evolution of research themes: a probabilistic generative model for citations.
probabilistic generative model	understanding evolution	research themes
On perturbation theory and an algorithm for maximal clique enumeration in uncertain and noisy graphs.
maximal clique enumeration	perturbation theory	noisy graphs
Ensembles and model delivery for tax compliance.
tax compliance	model delivery
Scalable all-pairs similarity search in metric spaces.
scalable all-pairs similarity search	metric spaces
Flexible and robust co-regularized multi-domain graph clustering.
robust co-regularized multi-domain graph clustering
KeySee: supporting keyword search on evolving events in social streams.
supporting keyword search	evolving events	social streams
China's national personal credit scoring system: a real-life intelligent knowledge application.
national personal credit scoring system	real-life intelligent knowledge application
Expertise modeling for matching papers with reviewers.
expertise modeling	matching papers
City-Scale Map Creation and Updating using GPS Collections.
city-scale map creation	gps collections
Mining traffic incidents to forecast impact.
mining traffic incidents	forecast impact
Analysis of advanced meter infrastructure data of water consumption in apartment buildings.
advanced meter infrastructure data	apartment buildings	water consumption
Comparisons of randomization and K-degree anonymization schemes for privacy preserving social network publishing.
privacy preserving social network publishing	k-degree anonymization schemes
Discriminative clustering for market segmentation.
market segmentation	discriminative clustering
Meme-tracking and the dynamics of the news cycle.
news cycle
Core decomposition of uncertain graphs.
core decomposition	uncertain graphs
A new collaborative filtering approach for increasing the aggregate diversity of recommender systems.
collaborative filtering approach	recommender systems	aggregate diversity
Quadratic optimization to identify highly heritable quantitative traits from complex phenotypic features.
identify highly heritable quantitative traits	complex phenotypic features	quadratic optimization
Dynamics of news events and social media reaction.
social media reaction	news events
Febrl -: an open source data cleaning, deduplication and record linkage system with a graphical user interface.
open source data cleaning	record linkage system	graphical user interface	febrl -
Provable deterministic leverage score sampling.
provable deterministic leverage score sampling
The Legislative Influence Detector: Finding Text Reuse in State Legislation.
finding text reuse	legislative influence detector	state legislation
Partially labeled topic models for interpretable text mining.
partially labeled topic models	interpretable text mining
Co-Clustering based Dual Prediction for Cargo Pricing Optimization.
co-clustering based dual prediction	cargo pricing optimization
Who is repinning?: predicting a brand's user interactions using social media retrieval.
social media retrieval	user interactions
Hierarchical Graph-Coupled HMMs for Heterogeneous Personalized Health Data.
heterogeneous personalized health data	hierarchical graph-coupled hmms
The structure of information pathways in a social communication network.
social communication network	information pathways
Open-domain quantity queries on web tables: annotation, response, and consensus models.
open-domain quantity queries	consensus models	web tables
Large-scale adaptive semi-supervised learning via unified inductive and transductive model.
large-scale adaptive semi-supervised learning	transductive model	unified inductive
A case study of behavior-driven conjoint analysis on Yahoo!: front page today module.
front page today module	behavior-driven conjoint analysis	case study
SPOT: Sparse Optimal Transformations for High Dimensional Variable Selection and Exploratory Regression Analysis.
high dimensional variable selection	exploratory regression analysis	sparse optimal transformations
Catching the drift: learning broad matches from clickthrough data.
learning broad matches	clickthrough data
Simple and deterministic matrix sketching.
deterministic matrix sketching
Focusing on the Long-term: It's Good for Users and Business.
focusing
A Decision Tree Framework for Spatiotemporal Sequence Prediction.
spatiotemporal sequence prediction	decision tree framework
BioSnowball: automated population of Wikis.
automated population
Structured correspondence topic models for mining captioned figures in biological literature.
structured correspondence topic models	mining captioned figures	biological literature
FAST-PPR: scaling personalized pagerank estimation for large graphs.
scaling personalized pagerank estimation	large graphs
Randomly sampling maximal itemsets.
randomly sampling maximal itemsets
MASCOT: Memory-efficient and Accurate Sampling for Counting Local Triangles in Graph Streams.
counting local triangles	accurate sampling	graph streams
On the Formation of Circles in Co-authorship Networks.
co-authorship networks
Ad click prediction: a view from the trenches.
ad click prediction
Functional Annotation of Human Protein Coding Isoforms via Non-convex Multi-Instance Learning.
human protein coding isoforms	non-convex multi-instance learning	functional annotation
RecMax: exploiting recommender systems for fun and profit.
exploiting recommender systems
Proceedings of the ACM SIGKDD Workshop on Human Computation, Paris, France, June 28, 2009
acm sigkdd workshop	human computation
Mining complex power networks for blackout prevention.
mining complex power networks	blackout prevention
Shopping for top forums: discovering online discussion for product research.
discovering online discussion	product research	top forums
Streaming Analytics.
streaming analytics
Mining top-K high utility itemsets.
high utility itemsets	mining top-
DeepWalk: online learning of social representations.
social representations	online learning
Real Estate Ranking via Mixed Land-use Latent Models.
real estate ranking	mixed land-	latent models
Gemello: Creating a Detailed Energy Breakdown from Just the Monthly Electricity Bill.
detailed energy breakdown	monthly electricity bill
A VC View of Investing in ML.
vc view
Randomized Feature Engineering as a Fast and Accurate Alternative to Kernel Methods.
randomized feature engineering	accurate alternative	kernel methods
Model order selection for boolean matrix factorization.
model order selection	boolean matrix factorization
Adversarial support vector machine learning.
adversarial support vector machine learning
Context-aware query suggestion by mining click-through and session data.
context-aware query suggestion	session data	mining click-
Adaptation Algorithm and Theory Based on Generalized Discrepancy.
adaptation algorithm	generalized discrepancy	theory based
Conceptual and statistical footprints for social networks' characterization.
statistical footprints	social networks
Smart Reply: Automated Response Suggestion for Email.
automated response suggestion	smart reply
Scalable distributed inference of dynamic user interests for behavioral targeting.
scalable distributed inference	dynamic user interests	behavioral targeting
Efficient mini-batch training for stochastic optimization.
efficient mini-batch training	stochastic optimization
Medical coding classification by leveraging inter-code relationships.
leveraging inter-code relationships	medical coding classification
Visualizing Attributed Graphs via Terrain Metaphor.
visualizing attributed graphs	terrain metaphor
One click mining: interactive local pattern discovery through implicit preference and performance learning.
interactive local pattern discovery	click mining	performance learning	implicit preference
Unsupervised Network Discovery for Brain Imaging Data.
brain imaging data	unsupervised network discovery
The battle for the future of data mining.
data mining
Cold start link prediction.
cold start link prediction
Anatomical Annotations for Drosophila Gene Expression Patterns via Multi-Dimensional Visual Descriptors Integration: Multi-Dimensional Feature Learning.
drosophila gene expression patterns	multi-dimensional visual descriptors integration	multi-dimensional feature learning	anatomical annotations
Anticipating annotations and emerging trends in biomedical literature.
biomedical literature	emerging trends	anticipating annotations
Reducing the Unlabeled Sample Complexity of Semi-Supervised Multi-View Learning.
semi-supervised multi-view learning	unlabeled sample complexity
DeepIntent: Learning Attentions for Online Advertising with Recurrent Neural Networks.
recurrent neural networks	learning attentions	online advertising
Fast and scalable polynomial kernels via explicit feature maps.
scalable polynomial kernels	explicit feature maps
Two approaches to understanding when constraints help clustering.
clustering
A scalable modular convex solver for regularized risk minimization.
scalable modular convex solver	regularized risk minimization
Label Noise Reduction in Entity Typing by Heterogeneous Partial-Label Embedding.
heterogeneous partial-label embedding	label noise reduction	entity typing
Improved Degree Bounds and Full Spectrum Power Laws in Preferential Attachment Networks.
full spectrum power laws	improved degree bounds	preferential attachment networks
Discovering frequent patterns in sensitive data.
discovering frequent patterns	sensitive data
Meta-Graph Based Recommendation Fusion over Heterogeneous Information Networks.
meta-graph based recommendation fusion	heterogeneous information networks
SVMpAUCtight: a new support vector method for optimizing partial AUC based on a tight convex upper bound.
tight convex upper bound	optimizing partial auc based	support vector method
Aircraft Trajectory Prediction Made Easy with Predictive Analytics.
aircraft trajectory prediction made easy	predictive analytics
Co-clustering based classification for out-of-domain documents.
co-clustering based classification	out-of-domain documents
An Empirical Study on Recommendation with Multiple Types of Feedback.
multiple types	empirical study
Fast best-effort pattern matching in large attributed graphs.
fast best-effort pattern matching	large attributed graphs
Discovering regions of different functions in a city using human mobility and POIs.
human mobility	discovering regions
Show me the money!: deriving the pricing power of product features by mining consumer reviews.
mining consumer reviews	pricing power	product features
Machine Learning Software in Practice: Quo Vadis?
machine learning software	quo vadis
Online controlled experiments at large scale.
online controlled experiments	large scale
Privacy, Security, and Trust in KDD, Second ACM SIGKDD International Workshop, PinKDD 2008, Las Vegas, NV, USA, August 24, 2008, Revised Selected Papers
acm sigkdd international workshop	revised selected papers	las vegas
Robust detection of hyper-local events from geotagged social media data.
geotagged social media data	hyper-local events	robust detection
Dimensionality Reduction Via Graph Structure Learning.
graph structure learning	dimensionality reduction
Permu-pattern: discovery of mutable permutation patterns with proximity constraint.
mutable permutation patterns	proximity constraint
Towards social imagematics: sentiment analysis in social multimedia.
sentiment analysis	social multimedia	social imagematics
Towards long-lead forecasting of extreme flood events: a data mining framework for precipitation cluster precursors identification.
precipitation cluster precursors identification	extreme flood events	data mining framework	long-lead forecasting
2D-interval predictions for time series.
2d-interval predictions	time series
Association analysis-based transformations for protein interaction networks: a function prediction case study.
function prediction case study	protein interaction networks	association analysis-based transformations
Multi-view Learning over Retinal Thickness and Visual Sensitivity on Glaucomatous Eyes.
multi-view learning	retinal thickness	glaucomatous eyes	visual sensitivity
Leveraging Social Context for Modeling Topic Evolution.
leveraging social context	modeling topic evolution
Groups-Keeping Solution Path Algorithm for Sparse Regression with Automatic Feature Grouping.
groups-keeping solution path algorithm	automatic feature grouping	sparse regression
Scalable text and link analysis with mixed-topic link models.
mixed-topic link models	link analysis	scalable text
Dynamic memory allocation policies for postings in real-time Twitter search.
dynamic memory allocation policies	real-time twitter search
Retrospective Higher-Order Markov Processes for User Trails.
retrospective higher-order markov processes	user trails
Content-based document routing and index partitioning for scalable similarity-based searches in a large corpus.
scalable similarity-based searches	content-based document routing	index partitioning	large corpus
Entity profiling with varying source reliabilities.
varying source reliabilities	entity profiling
Feature engineering and tree modeling for author-paper identification challenge.
author-paper identification challenge	feature engineering	tree modeling
User reputation in a comment rating environment.
comment rating environment	user reputation
Decomposed Normalized Maximum Likelihood Codelength Criterion for Selecting Hierarchical Latent Variable Models.
decomposed normalized maximum likelihood codelength criterion	selecting hierarchical latent variable models
Network Lasso: Clustering and Optimization in Large Graphs.
large graphs	network lasso
An Engagement-Based Customer Lifetime Value System for E-commerce.
engagement-based customer lifetime
Hadoop's Impact on the Future of Data Management.
data management
Auto-WEKA: combined selection and hyperparameter optimization of classification algorithms.
hyperparameter optimization	combined selection	classification algorithms
Storytelling in entity networks to support intelligence analysts.
support intelligence analysts	entity networks
Using Local Spectral Methods to Robustify Graph-Based Learning Algorithms.
robustify graph-based learning algorithms	local spectral methods
Combining strengths, emotions and polarities for boosting Twitter sentiment analysis.
boosting twitter sentiment analysis	combining strengths
Fast euclidean minimum spanning tree: algorithm, analysis, and applications.
fast euclidean minimum spanning tree
Community-based greedy algorithm for mining top-K influential nodes in mobile social networks.
mobile social networks	community-based greedy algorithm	mining top-	influential nodes
Preface.
preface
Learning incoherent sparse and low-rank patterns from multiple tasks.
learning incoherent sparse	low-rank patterns	multiple tasks
One theme in all views: modeling consensus topics in multiple contexts.
modeling consensus topics	multiple contexts
Predicting Winning Price in Real Time Bidding with Censored Data.
real time bidding	predicting winning price	censored data
Predictive discrete latent factor models for large scale dyadic data.
predictive discrete latent factor models	large scale dyadic data
Advances in Social Network Mining and Analysis, Second International Workshop, SNAKDD 2008, Las Vegas, NV, USA, August 24-27, 2008, Revised Selected Papers
social network mining	revised selected papers	august 24-27	las vegas	international workshop
ClusType: Effective Entity Recognition and Typing by Relation Phrase-Based Clustering.
relation phrase-based clustering	effective entity recognition
Relational data pre-processing techniques for improved securities fraud detection.
improved securities fraud detection	relational data pre-processing techniques
Automatic taxonomy construction from keywords.
automatic taxonomy construction
Reduction of ground-based sensor sites for spatio-temporal analysis of aerosols.
ground-based sensor sites	spatio-temporal analysis
On the privacy of anonymized networks.
anonymized networks
A principled and flexible framework for finding alternative clusterings.
finding alternative clusterings	flexible framework
Enabling analysts in managed services for CRM analytics.
crm analytics	enabling analysts	managed services
Random forests for metric learning with implicit pairwise position dependence.
implicit pairwise position dependence	random forests	metric learning
Mining advisor-advisee relationships from research publication networks.
research publication networks	mining advisor-advisee relationships
Succinct summarization of transactional databases: an overlapped hyperrectangle scheme.
overlapped hyperrectangle scheme	succinct summarization	transactional databases
Identifying Earmarks in Congressional Bills.
identifying earmarks	congressional bills
An Efficient Semi-Supervised Clustering Algorithm with Sequential Constraints.
efficient semi-supervised clustering algorithm	sequential constraints
Log-based predictive maintenance.
log-based predictive maintenance
Data Science from the Lab to the Field to the Enterprise.
data science
Response prediction using collaborative filtering with hierarchies and side-information.
collaborative filtering	response prediction
Locality sensitive hash functions based on concomitant rank order statistics.
locality sensitive hash functions based	concomitant rank order statistics
Recommendation in social media: recent advances and new frontiers.
social media	recent advances
Delta-SimRank computing on MapReduce.
delta-simrank computing
Information processing in social networks.
information processing	social networks
Spotting opinion spammers using behavioral footprints.
spotting opinion spammers	behavioral footprints
Can You Teach the Elephant to Dance? AKA: Culture Eats Data Science for Breakfast.
culture eats data science
Genesis of postal address reading, current state and future prospects: thirty years of pattern recognition on duty of postal services.
postal address reading	postal services	pattern recognition	thirty years	current state	future prospects
Estimating entity importance via counting set covers.
estimating entity importance	counting set covers
Luck is Hard to Beat: The Difficulty of Sports Prediction.
sports prediction
Activity-edge centric multi-label classification for mining heterogeneous information networks.
mining heterogeneous information networks	activity-edge centric multi-label classification
TCS: efficient topic discovery over crowd-oriented service data.
crowd-oriented service data	efficient topic discovery
Discovery of Glaucoma Progressive Patterns Using Hierarchical MDL-Based Clustering.
glaucoma progressive patterns	hierarchical mdl-based clustering
Interaction and collective intelligence in internet computing.
collective intelligence	internet computing
Forex-foreteller: currency trend modeling using news articles.
currency trend modeling	news articles
Open standards and cloud computing: KDD-2009 panel report.
kdd-2009 panel report	open standards	cloud computing
Forecasting Fine-Grained Air Quality Based on Big Data.
forecasting fine-grained air quality based	big data
Constructivism Learning: A Learning Paradigm for Transparent Predictive Analytics.
transparent predictive analytics	constructivism learning	learning paradigm
High-quantile modeling for customer wallet estimation and other applications.
customer wallet estimation	high-quantile modeling
Active sampling for entity matching.
active sampling	entity matching
Spatio-temporal Outlier Detection in Precipitation Data.
spatio-temporal outlier detection	precipitation data
Tracking the Dynamics in Crowdfunding.
dynamics
Multi-source deep learning for information trustworthiness estimation.
multi-source deep learning	information trustworthiness estimation
EventCube: multi-dimensional search and mining of structured and text data.
multi-dimensional search	text data
Applying data mining techniques to address critical process optimization needs in advanced manufacturing.
applying data mining techniques	address critical process optimization	advanced manufacturing
Differential identifiability.
differential identifiability
Sampling for big data: a tutorial.
big data
Mismatched models, wrong results, and dreadful decisions: on choosing appropriate data mining tools.
data mining tools	wrong results	dreadful decisions	mismatched models
The 19th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, KDD 2013, Chicago, IL, USA, August 11-14, 2013
19th acm sigkdd international conference	august 11-14	knowledge discovery	data mining
Finding optimal parameters for edit distance based sequence classification is NP-hard.
edit distance based sequence classification	finding optimal parameters
A fast algorithm for finding frequent episodes in event streams.
finding frequent episodes	fast algorithm	event streams
Automatic record linkage using seeded nearest neighbour and support vector machine classification.
support vector machine classification	automatic record linkage	seeded nearest neighbour
Unsupervised Feature Selection with Adaptive Structure Learning.
unsupervised feature selection	adaptive structure learning
Batch Model for Batched Timestamps Data Analysis with Application to the SSA Disability Program.
batched timestamps data analysis	ssa disability program	batch model
Playlist prediction via metric embedding.
metric embedding	playlist prediction
Intrusion as (anti)social communication: characterization and detection.
social communication
A probabilistic model for multimodal hash function learning.
multimodal hash function learning	probabilistic model
The dataminer's guide to scalable mixed-membership and nonparametric bayesian models.
nonparametric bayesian models	scalable mixed-membership
Click shaping to optimize multiple objectives.
optimize multiple objectives	click shaping
Beyond blacklists: learning to detect malicious web sites from suspicious URLs.
detect malicious web sites	suspicious urls
Powering Real-time Decision Engines in Finance and Healthcare using Open Source Software.
powering real-time decision engines	open source software
Inferring networks of diffusion and influence.
inferring networks
FastXML: a fast, accurate and stable tree-classifier for extreme multi-label learning.
extreme multi-label learning	stable tree-classifier
Cost-aware travel tour recommendation.
cost-aware travel tour recommendation
A Minimal Variance Estimator for the Cardinality of Big Data Set Intersection.
big data set intersection	minimal variance estimator
Twitter under crisis: can we trust what we RT?
rt
Randomization or Condensation?: Linear-Cost Matrix Sketching Via Cascaded Compression Sampling.
cascaded compression sampling	linear-cost matrix sketching
Very sparse stable random projections for dimension reduction in lalpha (0 &lt;alpha<=2) norm.
sparse stable random projections	dimension reduction
KDD Cup 2013: author disambiguation.
author disambiguation	kdd cup 2013
Collusion-resistant privacy-preserving data mining.
collusion-resistant privacy-preserving data mining
Efficient anomaly monitoring over moving object trajectory streams.
moving object trajectory streams	efficient anomaly monitoring
GeoMF: joint geographical modeling and matrix factorization for point-of-interest recommendation.
joint geographical modeling	matrix factorization	point-of-interest recommendation
A generalized Co-HITS algorithm and its application to bipartite graphs.
generalized co-hits algorithm	bipartite graphs
LCARS: a location-content-aware recommender system.
location-content-aware recommender system
Summarization-based mining bipartite graphs.
summarization-based mining bipartite graphs
Data-driven text features for sponsored search click prediction.
sponsored search click prediction	data-driven text features
BDT: Gradient Boosted Decision Tables for High Accuracy and Scoring Efficiency.
gradient boosted decision tables	scoring efficiency	high accuracy
When-To-Post on Social Networks.
social networks
The community-search problem and how to plan a successful cocktail party.
successful cocktail party	community-search problem
Large-scale matrix factorization with distributed stochastic gradient descent.
distributed stochastic gradient descent	large-scale matrix factorization
TV predictor: personalized program recommendations to be displayed on SmartTVs.
personalized program recommendations	tv predictor
FIU-Miner: a fast, integrated, and user-friendly system for data mining in distributed environment.
user-friendly system	data mining	distributed environment
State-Driven Dynamic Sensor Selection and Prediction with State-Stacked Sparseness.
state-driven dynamic sensor selection	state-stacked sparseness
A visual-analytic toolkit for dynamic interaction graphs.
dynamic interaction graphs	visual-analytic toolkit
Contextual Motifs: Increasing the Utility of Motifs using Contextual Data.
contextual data
When Recommendation Goes Wrong: Anomalous Link Discovery in Recommendation Networks.
anomalous link discovery
FINAL: Fast Attributed Network Alignment.
fast attributed network alignment
Primal sparse Max-margin Markov networks.
primal sparse max-margin markov networks
Edge-Weighted Personalized PageRank: Breaking A Decade-Old Performance Barrier.
edge-weighted personalized pagerank	performance barrier
Enabling fast prediction for ensemble models on data streams.
enabling fast prediction	ensemble models	data streams
Set Cover at Web Scale.
set cover	web scale
Bayesian Poisson Tensor Factorization for Inferring Multilateral Relations from Sparse Dyadic Event Counts.
sparse dyadic event counts	bayesian poisson tensor factorization	inferring multilateral relations
Cancer genomics.
cancer genomics
Cascading outbreak prediction in networks: a data-driven approach.
cascading outbreak prediction	data-driven approach
Scalable Partial Least Squares Regression on Grammar-Compressed Data Matrices.
grammar-compressed data matrices	squares regression	scalable partial
Methods for exploring and mining tables on Wikipedia.
mining tables
Community Detection Using a Measure of Global Influence.
global influence	community detection
Allowing Privacy Protection Algorithms to Jump Out of Local Optimums: An Ordered Greed Framework.
allowing privacy protection algorithms	ordered greed framework	local optimums
Crowdsourced time-sync video tagging using temporal and personalized topic modeling.
crowdsourced time-sync video tagging	personalized topic modeling
Mining statistically important equivalence classes and delta-discriminative emerging patterns.
mining statistically important equivalence classes	delta-discriminative emerging patterns
FrauDetector: A Graph-Mining-based Framework for Fraudulent Phone Call Detection.
fraudulent phone call detection	graph-mining-based framework
Community discovery and profiling with social messages.
social messages	community discovery
Hierarchical Incomplete Multi-source Feature Learning for Spatiotemporal Event Forecasting.
hierarchical incomplete multi-source feature learning	spatiotemporal event forecasting
Optimal real-time bidding for display advertising.
optimal real-time bidding	display advertising
Bid landscape forecasting in online ad exchange marketplace.
online ad exchange marketplace	bid landscape forecasting
COM: a generative model for group recommendation.
group recommendation	generative model
Efficient mining of iterative patterns for software specification discovery.
software specification discovery	iterative patterns	efficient mining
A hierarchical information theoretic technique for the discovery of non linear alternative clusterings.
hierarchical information theoretic technique	linear alternative clusterings
Sentiment analysis of blogs by combining lexical knowledge with text classification.
combining lexical knowledge	text classification	sentiment analysis
Is the Whole Greater Than the Sum of Its Parts?
sum
Trust network inference for online rating data using generative models.
online rating data	trust network inference	generative models
Mining in a mobile environment.
mobile environment
Proceedings of the 3rd ACM SIGKDD Workshop on Data Mining and Audience Intelligence for Advertising, Paris, France, June 28, 2009
3rd acm sigkdd workshop	audience intelligence	data mining
Multi-view clustering using mixture models in subspace projections.
multi-view clustering	mixture models	subspace projections
Beyond Sigmoids: The NetTide Model for Social Network Growth, and Its Applications.
social network growth	nettide model
Mining evidences for named entity disambiguation.
named entity disambiguation	mining evidences
Towards bounding sequential patterns.
bounding sequential patterns
Stock Constrained Recommendation in Tmall.
stock constrained recommendation
Searching time series with Hadoop in an electric power company.
electric power company	searching time series
Convex optimization: from embedded real-time to large-scale distributed.
embedded real-time	convex optimization	large-scale distributed
The online revolution: education for everyone.
online revolution
Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017
23rd acm sigkdd international conference	knowledge discovery	data mining
Discriminative topic modeling based on manifold learning.
discriminative topic modeling based	manifold learning
The PlaceIQ Analytic Platform: Location Oriented Approaches to Mobile Audiences.
location oriented approaches	placeiq analytic platform	mobile audiences
Proceedings of the ACM SIGKDD Workshop on CyberSecurity and Intelligence Informatics, Paris, France, June 28, 2009
acm sigkdd workshop	intelligence informatics
Estimating Treatment Effect in the Wild via Differentiated Confounder Balancing.
differentiated confounder balancing	estimating treatment effect
OcVFDT: one-class very fast decision tree for one-class classification of data streams.
fast decision tree	data streams
Integrating spreadsheet data via accurate and low-effort extraction.
integrating spreadsheet data	low-effort extraction
Efficient evaluation of large sequence kernels.
large sequence kernels	efficient evaluation
Redundancy-aware maximal cliques.
redundancy-aware maximal cliques
Using random forests to uncover bivariate interactions in high dimensional small data sets.
high dimensional small data sets	uncover bivariate interactions	random forests
A process-centric data mining and visual analytic tool for exploring complex social networks.
exploring complex social networks	visual analytic tool	process-centric data mining
Multi-source learning for joint analysis of incomplete multi-modality neuroimaging data.
incomplete multi-modality neuroimaging data	multi-source learning	joint analysis
Accelerated Stochastic Block Coordinate Descent with Optimal Sampling.
accelerated stochastic block coordinate descent	optimal sampling
On the efficacy of data mining for security applications.
security applications	data mining
Learning Cumulatively to Become More Knowledgeable.
learning cumulatively
Industrial Machine Learning.
industrial machine learning
Pharmacovigilance via Baseline Regularization with Large-Scale Longitudinal Observational Data.
large-scale longitudinal observational data	baseline regularization
Modeling User Mobility for Location Promotion in Location-based Social Networks.
location-based social networks	modeling user mobility	location promotion
Query Workloads for Data Series Indexes.
data series indexes	query workloads
Clinical risk prediction with multilinear sparse logistic regression.
multilinear sparse logistic regression	clinical risk prediction
Nonparametric hierarchal bayesian modeling in non-contractual heterogeneous survival data.
nonparametric hierarchal bayesian modeling	non-contractual heterogeneous survival data
Multi-View Incident Ticket Clustering for Optimal Ticket Dispatching.
multi-view incident ticket clustering	optimal ticket dispatching
A multi-class boosting method with direct optimization.
multi-class boosting method	direct optimization
Using strong triadic closure to characterize ties in social networks.
strong triadic closure	characterize ties	social networks
EDISKCO: energy efficient distributed in-sensor-network k-center clustering with outliers.
energy efficient distributed in-sensor-network k-center clustering
Online Ranking with Constraints: A Primal-Dual Algorithm and Applications to Web Traffic-Shaping.
primal-dual algorithm	online ranking	web traffic-shaping
Exploiting contexts to deal with uncertainty in classification.
exploiting contexts
Extracting temporal signatures for comprehending systems biology models.
comprehending systems biology models	extracting temporal signatures
Online Influence Maximization.
online influence maximization
Toward personalized care management of patients at risk: the diabetes case study.
personalized care management	diabetes case study
Using graph-based metrics with empirical risk minimization to speed up active learning on networked data.
empirical risk minimization	networked data	graph-based metrics	active learning
Online multiple kernel regression.
online multiple kernel regression
Trial and error in influential social networks.
influential social networks
Selective Hashing: Closing the Gap between Radius Search and k-NN Search.
k-nn search	radius search	selective hashing
Novel geospatial interpolation analytics for general meteorological measurements.
general meteorological measurements	geospatial interpolation analytics
Compute Job Memory Recommender System Using Machine Learning.
compute job memory recommender system	machine learning
Large human communication networks: patterns and a utility-driven generator.
large human communication networks	utility-driven generator
FAST: a roc-based feature selection metric for small samples and imbalanced data classification problems.
roc-based feature selection metric	imbalanced data classification problems	small samples
Constrained optimization for validation-guided conditional random field learning.
validation-guided conditional random field learning	constrained optimization
The 20th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, KDD '14, New York, NY, USA - August 24 - 27, 2014
20th acm sigkdd international conference	knowledge discovery	data mining
Asymmetric Transitivity Preserving Graph Embedding.
asymmetric transitivity preserving graph embedding
On community detection in real-world networks and the importance of degree assortativity.
community detection	degree assortativity	real-world networks
Efficient Latent Link Recommendation in Signed Networks.
efficient latent link recommendation	signed networks
Website Optimization Problem and Its Solutions.
website optimization problem
Who, where, when and what: discover spatio-temporal topics for twitter users.
discover spatio-temporal topics	twitter users
Exploiting vulnerability to secure user privacy on a social networking site.
secure user privacy	social networking site	exploiting vulnerability
From labor to trader: opinion elicitation via online crowds as a market.
online crowds	opinion elicitation
A demonstration of human computation using the Phrase Detectives annotation game.
phrase detectives annotation game	human computation
An online system with end-user services: mining novelty concepts from tv broadcast subtitles.
tv broadcast subtitles	mining novelty concepts	end-user services	online system
Incorporating SAT solvers into hierarchical clustering algorithms: an efficient and flexible approach.
hierarchical clustering algorithms	incorporating sat solvers	flexible approach
Cost-sensitive online active learning with application to malicious URL detection.
cost-sensitive online active learning	malicious url detection
LINKAGE: An Approach for Comprehensive Risk Prediction for Care Management.
comprehensive risk prediction	care management
Linear Time Samplers for Supervised Topic Models using Compositional Proposals.
supervised topic models	linear time samplers	compositional proposals
Correlating events with time series for incident diagnosis.
incident diagnosis	time series	correlating events
DOULION: counting triangles in massive graphs with a coin.
counting triangles	massive graphs
Querying discriminative and representative samples for batch mode active learning.
batch mode active learning	querying discriminative	representative samples
From active towards InterActive learning: using consideration information to improve labeling correctness.
improve labeling correctness	interactive learning	consideration information
Travel time estimation of a path using sparse trajectories.
travel time estimation	sparse trajectories
Position-normalized click prediction in search advertising.
position-normalized click prediction	search advertising
Knowledge transfer via multiple model local structure mapping.
multiple model local structure mapping	knowledge transfer
MetaPAD: Meta Pattern Discovery from Massive Text Corpora.
massive text corpora	meta pattern discovery
Exploiting Relevance Feedback in Knowledge Graph Search.
exploiting relevance feedback	knowledge graph search
Fast Unsupervised Online Drift Detection Using Incremental Kolmogorov-Smirnov Test.
fast unsupervised online drift detection	incremental kolmogorov-smirnov test
Improving management of aquatic invasions by integrating shipping network, ecological, and environmental data: data mining for social good.
integrating shipping network	aquatic invasions	data mining	improving management	environmental data	social good
Subspace correlation clustering: finding locally correlated dimensions in subspace projections of the data.
finding locally correlated dimensions	subspace correlation clustering	subspace projections
Proceedings of the 21th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Sydney, NSW, Australia, August 10-13, 2015
21th acm sigkdd international conference	knowledge discovery	august 10-13	data mining
Maximizing Privacy under Data Distortion Constraints in Noise Perturbation Methods.
data distortion constraints	noise perturbation methods	maximizing privacy
Topic-factorized ideal point estimation model for legislative voting network.
topic-factorized ideal point estimation model	legislative voting network
Large-Scale Inference of Network-Service Disruption upon Natural Disasters.
network-service disruption	natural disasters	large-scale inference
Linear support vector machines via dual cached loops.
linear support vector machines	dual cached loops
Scalable and near real-time burst detection from eCommerce queries.
real-time burst detection	ecommerce queries
On the tradeoff between privacy and utility in data publishing.
data publishing
Discovering lag intervals for temporal dependencies.
discovering lag intervals	temporal dependencies
Effective string processing and matching for author disambiguation.
effective string processing	author disambiguation
Land cover change detection: a case study.
land cover change detection	case study
Mining for Causal Relationships: A Data-Driven Study of the Islamic State.
islamic state	data-driven study	causal relationships
Efficient algorithms for mining constrained frequent patterns from uncertain data.
mining constrained frequent patterns	efficient algorithms	uncertain data
Information extraction from Wikipedia: moving down the long tail.
long tail	information extraction
TM-LDA: efficient online modeling of latent topic transitions in social media.
efficient online modeling	latent topic transitions	social media
Gaussian multiple instance learning approach for mapping the slums of the world using very high resolution imagery.
gaussian multiple instance learning approach	high resolution imagery
Mining frequent closed graphs on evolving data streams.
mining frequent closed graphs	evolving data streams
Visual analysis of documents with semantic graphs.
semantic graphs	visual analysis
The future of image search.
image search
Friendship and mobility: user movement in location-based social networks.
location-based social networks	user movement
Developing data mining applications.
developing data mining applications
Colibri: fast mining of large static and dynamic graphs.
dynamic graphs	fast mining	large static
Big Data Analytics: Optimization and Randomization.
big data analytics
Dynamic and Robust Wildfire Risk Prediction System: An Unsupervised Approach.
robust wildfire risk prediction system	unsupervised approach
Inferring Network Effects from Observational Data.
inferring network effects	observational data
Mining mobility data to minimise travellers' spending on public transport.
mining mobility data	public transport	minimise travellers
An association analysis approach to biclustering.
association analysis approach
Statistically sound pattern discovery.
statistically sound pattern discovery
Lifelong Machine Learning and Computer Reading the Web.
lifelong machine learning	computer reading
Collecting and Analyzing Millions of mHealth Data Streams.
mhealth data streams	analyzing millions
Model selection in markovian processes.
markovian processes	model selection
Mining data from mobile devices: a survey of smart sensing and analytics.
smart sensing	mobile devices	mining data
Active learning with direct query construction.
direct query construction	active learning
Mining lines in the sand: on trajectory discovery from untrustworthy data in cyber-physical system.
mining lines	cyber-physical system	trajectory discovery	untrustworthy data
Protecting location privacy using location semantics.
protecting location privacy	location semantics
The Selective Labels Problem: Evaluating Algorithmic Predictions in the Presence of Unobservables.
evaluating algorithmic predictions	selective labels problem
Dynamic Matrix Factorization with Priors on Unknown Values.
dynamic matrix factorization	unknown values
Automatic identification of quasi-experimental designs for discovering causal knowledge.
discovering causal knowledge	automatic identification	quasi-experimental designs
NASA: achieving lower regrets and faster rates via adaptive stepsizes.
achieving lower regrets	adaptive stepsizes	faster rates
Indexed block coordinate descent for large-scale linear classification with limited memory.
indexed block coordinate descent	large-scale linear classification	limited memory
Safe and efficient screening for sparse support vector machine.
sparse support vector machine	efficient screening
Utilizing Purchase Intervals in Latent Clusters for Product Recommendation.
utilizing purchase intervals	latent clusters	product recommendation
Mining for geographically disperse communities in social networks by leveraging distance modularity.
geographically disperse communities	leveraging distance modularity	social networks
Algorithm for low-variance biclusters to identify coregulation modules in sequencing datasets.
identify coregulation modules	sequencing datasets	low-variance biclusters
Data-Driven Product Innovation.
data-driven product innovation
Robust Treecode Approximation for Kernel Machines.
robust treecode approximation	kernel machines
Modeling relationships at multiple scales to improve accuracy of large recommender systems.
large recommender systems	modeling relationships	multiple scales	improve accuracy
Stream prediction using a generative model based on frequent episodes in event sequences.
generative model based	frequent episodes	stream prediction	event sequences
MOLIERE: Automatic Biomedical Hypothesis Generation System.
automatic biomedical hypothesis generation system
Dipole: Diagnosis Prediction in Healthcare via Attention-based Bidirectional Recurrent Neural Networks.
attention-based bidirectional recurrent neural networks	diagnosis prediction
Data, Knowledge and Discovery: Machine Learning meets Natural Science.
machine learning meets natural science
Inductive multi-task learning with multiple view data.
multiple view data	inductive multi-task learning
Networked bandits with disjoint linear payoffs.
disjoint linear payoffs	networked bandits
Unsupervised P2P Rental Recommendations via Integer Programming.
unsupervised p2p rental recommendations	integer programming
A framework for summarizing and analyzing twitter feeds.
analyzing twitter feeds
QUINT: On Query-Specific Optimal Networks.
query-specific optimal networks
Real-time ranking with concept drift using expert advice.
concept drift	real-time ranking	expert advice
Text-based measures of document diversity.
document diversity	text-based measures
Predicting Clinical Outcomes Across Changing Electronic Health Record Systems.
changing electronic health record systems	predicting clinical outcomes
Discrete Content-aware Matrix Factorization.
discrete content-aware matrix factorization
Heat kernel based community detection.
heat kernel based community detection
Active semi-supervised learning using sampling theory for graph signals.
active semi-supervised learning	sampling theory	graph signals
Revisiting sequential pattern hiding to enhance utility.
revisiting sequential pattern hiding	enhance utility
Streaming-LDA: A Copula-based Approach to Modeling Topic Dependencies in Document Streams.
modeling topic dependencies	document streams	copula-based approach
Drosophila gene expression pattern annotation using sparse features and term-term interactions.
drosophila gene expression pattern annotation	sparse features	term-term interactions
Medical Mining: KDD 2015 Tutorial.
kdd 2015 tutorial	medical mining
Similarity Forests.
similarity forests
Morpheus: interactive exploration of subspace clustering.
interactive exploration	subspace clustering
Using predictive analysis to improve invoice-to-cash collection.
improve invoice-to-cash collection	predictive analysis
Financial incentives and the "performance of crowds".
financial incentives
Using co-visitation networks for detecting large scale online display advertising exchange fraud.
detecting large scale online display advertising exchange fraud	co-visitation networks
No Longer Sleeping with a Bomb: A Duet System for Protecting Urban Safety from Dangerous Goods.
protecting urban safety	longer sleeping	duet system	dangerous goods
An Alternative to NCD for Large Sequences, Lempel-Ziv Jaccard Distance.
lempel-ziv jaccard distance	large sequences
Meta-path based multi-network collective link prediction.
meta-path based multi-network collective link prediction
Proceedings of the 16th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Washington, DC, USA, July 25-28, 2010
16th acm sigkdd international conference	knowledge discovery	data mining	july 25-28
Understanding Cross-site Linking in Online Social Networks.
understanding cross-site linking	online social networks
Making generative classifiers robust to selection bias.
making generative classifiers robust	selection bias
Privacy-Preserving Distributed Multi-Task Learning with Asynchronous Updates.
privacy-preserving distributed multi-task learning	asynchronous updates
Convex Factorization Machine for Toxicogenomics Prediction.
convex factorization machine	toxicogenomics prediction
VC-Dimension and Rademacher Averages: From Statistical Learning Theory to Sampling Algorithms.
statistical learning theory	rademacher averages	sampling algorithms
PageRank on an evolving graph.
evolving graph
Leveraging candidate popularity on Twitter to predict election outcome.
predict election outcome	leveraging candidate popularity
A Learning-based Framework to Handle Multi-round Multi-party Influence Maximization on Social Networks.
handle multi-round multi-party influence maximization	learning-based framework	social networks
Ranking Relevance in Yahoo Search.
yahoo search	ranking relevance
The power of analysis and data.
data
Can we improve on the identification of transcription factor binding sites?
transcription factor binding sites
Detecting insider threats in a real corporate database of computer usage activity.
real corporate database	computer usage activity	detecting insider threats
Efficient semi-streaming algorithms for local triangle counting in massive graphs.
efficient semi-streaming algorithms	local triangle counting	massive graphs
MIME: a framework for interactive visual pattern mining.
interactive visual pattern mining
Multi-view transfer learning with a large margin approach.
multi-view transfer learning	large margin approach
De-duping URLs via rewrite rules.
rewrite rules	de-duping urls
Mining positive and negative patterns for relevance feature discovery.
relevance feature discovery	mining positive	negative patterns
Unbounded Human Learning: Optimal Scheduling for Spaced Repetition.
unbounded human learning	spaced repetition	optimal scheduling
Robust principal component analysis via capped norms.
robust principal component analysis	capped norms
FLASH: Fast Bayesian Optimization for Data Analytic Pipelines.
data analytic pipelines	fast bayesian optimization
Interpretable Predictions of Tree-based Ensembles via Actionable Feature Tweaking.
actionable feature tweaking	interpretable predictions	tree-based ensembles
Spectral Ensemble Clustering.
spectral ensemble clustering
Semi-supervised classification with hybrid generative/discriminative methods.
hybrid generative/discriminative methods	semi-supervised classification
DynaMMo: mining and summarization of coevolving sequences with missing values.
missing values	coevolving sequences
The next generation of transportation systems, greenhouse emissions, and data mining.
data mining	transportation systems	greenhouse emissions
Almost linear-time algorithms for adaptive betweenness centrality using hypergraph sketches.
adaptive betweenness centrality	linear-time algorithms	hypergraph sketches
Building Socially Connected Skilled Teams to Accomplish Complex Tasks.
building socially connected skilled teams	accomplish complex tasks
Accelerating Online CP Decompositions for Higher Order Tensors.
accelerating online cp decompositions	higher order tensors
Distributed classification in peer-to-peer networks.
peer-to-peer networks	distributed classification
Density-based logistic regression.
density-based logistic regression
Batch mode active sampling based on marginal probability distribution matching.
batch mode active sampling based	marginal probability distribution matching
A unified approach for schema matching, coreference and canonicalization.
unified approach	schema matching
Summarizing probabilistic frequent patterns: a fast approach.
summarizing probabilistic frequent patterns	fast approach
Malware detection using statistical analysis of byte-level file content.
byte-level file content	malware detection	statistical analysis
Deep Model Based Transfer and Multi-Task Learning for Biological Image Analysis.
deep model based transfer	biological image analysis	multi-task learning
Labeled topic detection of open source software from mining mass textual project profiles.
mining mass textual project profiles	labeled topic detection	open source software
Multi-domain active learning for text classification.
multi-domain active learning	text classification
Flexible and Robust Multi-Network Clustering.
robust multi-network clustering
SIGKDD demo: sensors and software to allow computational entomology, an emerging application of data mining.
sigkdd demo	computational entomology	emerging application	data mining
Efficient Processing of Network Proximity Queries via Chebyshev Acceleration.
network proximity queries	efficient processing	chebyshev acceleration
ComSoc: adaptive transfer of user behaviors over composite social network.
composite social network	adaptive transfer	user behaviors
On Finding Socially Tenuous Groups for Online Social Networks.
finding socially tenuous groups	online social networks
Social networks: looking ahead.
social networks
Bridging centrality: graph mining from element level to group level.
group level	graph mining	bridging centrality	element level
More Constraints, Smaller Coresets: Constrained Matrix Approximation of Sparse Big Data.
sparse big data	constrained matrix approximation	smaller coresets
Accelerating minor allele frequency computation with graphics processors.
accelerating minor allele frequency computation	graphics processors
Combining incremental Hidden Markov Model and Adaboost algorithm for anomaly intrusion detection.
combining incremental hidden markov model	anomaly intrusion detection	adaboost algorithm
KDD Cup 2013 - author-paper identification challenge: second place team.
author-paper identification challenge	place team	kdd cup 2013
A dirichlet multinomial mixture model-based approach for short text clustering.
dirichlet multinomial mixture model-based approach	short text clustering
Twitter volume spikes: analysis and application in stock trading.
twitter volume spikes	stock trading
Segmentation and Automated Social Hierarchy Detection through Email Network Analysis.
automated social hierarchy detection	email network analysis
Web image prediction using multivariate point processes.
web image prediction	multivariate point processes
Learning Tree Structure in Multi-Task Learning.
learning tree structure	multi-task learning
Lexis: An Optimization Framework for Discovering the Hierarchical Structure of Sequential Data.
hierarchical structure	sequential data	optimization framework
Using Friendship Ties and Family Circles for Link Prediction.
link prediction	family circles	friendship ties
Data mining at NASA: from theory to applications.
data mining
Inside the atoms: ranking on a network of networks.
ranking
Fast DTT: a near linear algorithm for decomposing a tensor into factor tensors.
linear algorithm	fast dtt	factor tensors
Effective global approaches for mutual information based feature selection.
mutual information based feature selection	effective global approaches
Prototype-based learning on concept-drifting data streams.
concept-drifting data streams	prototype-based learning
Fast coordinate descent methods with variable selection for non-negative matrix factorization.
fast coordinate descent methods	non-negative matrix factorization	variable selection
Fast clustering using MapReduce.
fast clustering
Assessing team strategy using spatiotemporal data.
assessing team strategy	spatiotemporal data
Scalable and Sustainable Deep Learning via Randomized Hashing.
sustainable deep learning	randomized hashing
Privacy-preserving Class Ratio Estimation.
privacy-preserving class ratio estimation
EvaPlanner: an evacuation planner with social-based flocking kinetics.
social-based flocking kinetics	evacuation planner
Temporal Order-based First-Take-All Hashing for Fast Attention-Deficit-Hyperactive-Disorder Detection.
temporal order-based first-take-	fast attention-deficit-hyperactive-disorder detection
Versatile publishing for privacy preservation.
versatile publishing	privacy preservation
Towards Optimal Execution of Density-based Clustering on Heterogeneous Hardware.
density-based clustering	optimal execution	heterogeneous hardware
Scalable Large Near-Clique Detection in Large-Scale Networks via Sampling.
scalable large near-clique detection	large-scale networks
Malstone: towards a benchmark for analytics on large data clouds.
large data clouds
It Takes More than Math and Engineering to Hit the Bullseye with Data.
hit
Calculating latent demand in the long tail.
calculating latent demand	long tail
Handling outliers and concept drift in online mass flow prediction in CFB boilers.
online mass flow prediction	concept drift	handling outliers	cfb boilers
Firebird: Predicting Fire Risk and Prioritizing Fire Inspections in Atlanta.
prioritizing fire inspections	predicting fire risk
Bounded coordinate-descent for biological sequence classification in high dimensional predictor space.
high dimensional predictor space	biological sequence classification	bounded coordinate-descent
Interactive spatio-temporal cluster analysis of VAST challenge 2008 datasets.
interactive spatio-temporal cluster analysis	vast challenge 2008 datasets
Assessing Human Error Against a Benchmark of Perfection.
assessing human error
Automated hypothesis generation based on mining scientific literature.
automated hypothesis generation based	mining scientific literature
Constructing and mining web-scale knowledge graphs: KDD 2014 tutorial.
mining web-scale knowledge graphs	kdd 2014 tutorial
FaitCrowd: Fine Grained Truth Discovery for Crowdsourced Data Aggregation.
fine grained truth discovery	crowdsourced data aggregation
EventSearch: a system for event discovery and retrieval on multi-type historical data.
multi-type historical data	event discovery
Absolute Fused Lasso and Its Application to Genome-Wide Association Studies.
absolute fused lasso	genome-wide association studies
Enhancing investment decisions in P2P lending: an investor composition perspective.
investor composition perspective	enhancing investment decisions	p2p lending
Mining top-k frequent items in a data stream with flexible sliding windows.
flexible sliding windows	frequent items	mining top-	data stream
Maximum Likelihood Postprocessing for Differential Privacy under Consistency Constraints.
maximum likelihood postprocessing	consistency constraints	differential privacy
Focused clustering and outlier detection in large attributed graphs.
large attributed graphs	outlier detection	focused clustering
Collective Opinion Spam Detection: Bridging Review Networks and Metadata.
collective opinion spam detection	bridging review networks
Fast Memory-efficient Anomaly Detection in Streaming Heterogeneous Graphs.
fast memory-efficient anomaly detection	streaming heterogeneous graphs
Proceedings of the Second International Workshop on Issues of Sentiment Discovery and Opinion Mining, WISDOM 2013, Chicago, IL, USA, August 11, 2013
international workshop	opinion mining	sentiment discovery
Online Feature Selection: A Limited-Memory Substitution Algorithm and Its Asynchronous Parallel Variation.
limited-memory substitution algorithm	online feature selection	asynchronous parallel variation
Product selection problem: improve market share by learning consumer behavior.
product selection problem	improve market share	learning consumer behavior
Efficient Shift-Invariant Dictionary Learning.
efficient shift-invariant dictionary learning
Signal detection in genome sequences using complexity based features.
complexity based features	genome sequences	signal detection
Reducing gang violence through network influence based targeting of social programs.
network influence based targeting	reducing gang violence	social programs
Improving clustering stability with combinatorial MRFs.
improving clustering stability	combinatorial mrfs
LASTA: large scale topic assignment on multiple social networks.
large scale topic assignment	multiple social networks
Knowledge vault: a web-scale approach to probabilistic knowledge fusion.
probabilistic knowledge fusion	knowledge vault	web-scale approach
Detecting research topics via the correlation between graphs and texts.
detecting research topics
Temporal pattern discovery for trends and transient effects: its application to patient records.
temporal pattern discovery	transient effects	patient records
Estimating the number of users behind ip addresses for combating abusive traffic.
combating abusive traffic	ip addresses
Semi-supervised approach to rapid and reliable labeling of large data sets.
large data sets	semi-supervised approach	reliable labeling
Data mining in the online services industry.
online services industry	data mining
Finding effectors in social networks.
finding effectors	social networks
GetJar mobile application recommendations with very sparse datasets.
getjar mobile application recommendations	sparse datasets
Information genealogy: uncovering the flow of ideas in non-hyperlinked document databases.
non-hyperlinked document databases	information genealogy
Organizational Chart Inference.
organizational chart inference
Enhancing semi-supervised clustering: a feature projection perspective.
enhancing semi-supervised clustering	feature projection perspective
Learning Sparse Models at Scale.
learning sparse models
Integrating meta-path selection with user-guided object clustering in heterogeneous information networks.
integrating meta-path selection	heterogeneous information networks	user-guided object clustering
LUDIA: an aggregate-constrained low-rank reconstruction algorithm to leverage publicly released health data.
leverage publicly released health data	aggregate-constrained low-rank reconstruction algorithm
Anomaly detection and spatio-temporal analysis of global climate system.
global climate system	spatio-temporal analysis	anomaly detection
Finding trendsetters in information networks.
finding trendsetters	information networks
Pushing constraints into data streams.
pushing constraints	data streams
Direct local pattern sampling by efficient two-step random procedures.
direct local pattern sampling	efficient two-step random procedures
Supervised deep learning with auxiliary networks.
supervised deep learning	auxiliary networks
Accelerated Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers.
accelerated alternating direction method
Can we learn a template-independent wrapper for news article extraction from a single training site?
single training site	news article extraction	template-independent wrapper
On the identification of intra-seasonal changes in the Indian summer monsoon.
indian summer monsoon
An iterated graph laplacian approach for ranking on manifolds.
iterated graph laplacian approach
Active spectral clustering via iterative uncertainty reduction.
active spectral clustering	iterative uncertainty reduction
Learning from data with uncertain labels by boosting credal classifiers.
boosting credal classifiers	uncertain labels
Online active inference and learning.
online active inference
Activity ranking in LinkedIn feed.
activity ranking	linkedin feed
Data winnowing.
data winnowing
Mining Research Communities in Bibliographical Data.
mining research communities	bibliographical data
Multi-task Function-on-function Regression with Co-grouping Structured Sparsity.
co-grouping structured sparsity	multi-task function-on-function regression
Graph Edge Partitioning via Neighborhood Heuristic.
graph edge partitioning	neighborhood heuristic
Mining multi-faceted overviews of arbitrary topics in a text collection.
mining multi-faceted overviews	arbitrary topics	text collection
The offset tree for learning with partial labels.
offset tree	partial labels
Semantic search and a new moore's law effect in knowledge engineering.
knowledge engineering	law effect	semantic search
A viewpoint-based approach for interaction graph analysis.
interaction graph analysis	viewpoint-based approach
Geo-spotting: mining online location-based services for optimal retail store placement.
mining online location-based services	optimal retail store placement
Latent Space Model for Road Networks to Predict Time-Varying Traffic.
latent space model	predict time-varying traffic	road networks
Developing a Comprehensive Framework for Multimodal Feature Extraction.
multimodal feature extraction	comprehensive framework
Dispatch with Confidence: Integration of Machine Learning, Optimization and Simulation for Open Pit Mines.
open pit mines	machine learning
Neighbor query friendly compression of social networks.
neighbor query friendly compression	social networks
Point-of-Interest Recommendations: Learning Potential Check-ins from Friends.
learning potential check-ins	point-of-interest recommendations
Modeling human location data with mixtures of kernel densities.
modeling human location data	kernel densities
From Truth Discovery to Trustworthy Opinion Discovery: An Uncertainty-Aware Quantitative Modeling Approach.
uncertainty-aware quantitative modeling approach	trustworthy opinion discovery	truth discovery
iPARAS: Incremental Construction of Parameter Space for Online Association Mining.
online association mining	parameter space	incremental construction
FeaFiner: biomarker identification from medical data through feature generalization and selection.
feature generalization	medical data	biomarker identification
FIRST: Fast Interactive Attributed Subgraph Matching.
fast interactive attributed subgraph matching
Visual exploration of categorical and mixed data sets.
mixed data sets	visual exploration
A general bootstrap performance diagnostic.
general bootstrap performance diagnostic
Benefits of bias: towards better characterization of network sampling.
network sampling
Scalable SDE Filtering and Inference with Apache Spark.
scalable sde filtering	apache spark
The recommender problem revisited: morning tutorial.
recommender problem revisited	morning tutorial
Generalized Hierarchical Sparse Model for Arbitrary-Order Interactive Antigenic Sites Identification in Flu Virus Data.
arbitrary-order interactive antigenic sites identification	generalized hierarchical sparse model	flu virus data
Maximizing return and minimizing cost with the right decision management systems.
decision management systems	minimizing cost	maximizing return
Optimal Kernel Group Transformation for Exploratory Regression Analysis and Graphics.
optimal kernel group transformation	exploratory regression analysis
Customized reviews for small user-databases using iterative SVD and content based filtering.
content based filtering	iterative svd	customized reviews	small user-databases
Clustering with relative constraints.
relative constraints
Just One More: Modeling Binge Watching Behavior.
modeling binge watching behavior
Approximate kernel k-means: solution to large scale kernel clustering.
large scale kernel clustering	approximate kernel k-means
Fast rank-2 nonnegative matrix factorization for hierarchical document clustering.
fast rank-2 nonnegative matrix factorization	hierarchical document clustering
Cross-language information retrieval using PARAFAC2.
cross-language information retrieval
Influence and correlation in social networks.
social networks
Selective block minimization for faster convergence of limited memory large-scale linear models.
limited memory large-scale linear models	selective block minimization	faster convergence
Hierarchical mixture models: a probabilistic analysis.
hierarchical mixture models	probabilistic analysis
Optimal recommendations under attraction, aversion, and social influence.
social influence	optimal recommendations
Optimal Action Extraction for Random Forests and Boosted Trees.
optimal action extraction	boosted trees	random forests
Mining discriminative subgraphs from global-state networks.
mining discriminative subgraphs	global-state networks
Situation-Aware Adaptive Visualization for Sensory Data Stream Mining.
sensory data stream mining	situation-aware adaptive visualization
Scalable noise mining in long-term electrocardiographic time-series to predict death following heart attacks.
long-term electrocardiographic time-series	scalable noise mining	predict death	heart attacks
Metric forensics: a multi-level approach for mining volatile graphs.
mining volatile graphs	multi-level approach	metric forensics
How Machine Learning has Finally Solved Wanamaker's Dilemma.
finally solved wanamaker	machine learning
Inferring user demographics and social strategies in mobile social networks.
inferring user demographics	mobile social networks	social strategies
Sampling of Attributed Networks from Hierarchical Generative Models.
hierarchical generative models	attributed networks
Locally-scaled spectral clustering using empty region graphs.
locally-scaled spectral clustering	empty region graphs
Achieving Non-Discrimination in Data Release.
data release	achieving non-discrimination
Information resonance on Twitter: watching Iran.
watching iran	information resonance
Structural Event Detection from Log Messages.
structural event detection	log messages
A parallel graph partitioning algorithm to speed up the large-scale distributed graph mining.
parallel graph partitioning algorithm	large-scale distributed graph mining
Minimizing Legal Exposure of High-Tech Companies through Collaborative Filtering Methods.
minimizing legal exposure	collaborative filtering methods	high-tech companies
Tracking trends: incorporating term volume into temporal topic models.
temporal topic models	incorporating term volume	tracking trends
A Century of Science: Globalization of Scientific Collaborations, Citations, and Innovations.
scientific collaborations
Detecting anomalous records in categorical datasets.
detecting anomalous records	categorical datasets
Structured learning for non-smooth ranking losses.
non-smooth ranking losses	structured learning
Online multiscale dynamic topic models.
online multiscale dynamic topic models
Exponential random graph estimation under differential privacy.
exponential random graph estimation	differential privacy
Towards Confidence in the Truth: A Bootstrapping based Truth Discovery Approach.
bootstrapping based truth discovery approach
The Limits of Popularity-Based Recommendations, and the Role of Social Ties.
social ties	popularity-based recommendations
Robust Top-k Multiclass SVM for Visual Category Recognition.
visual category recognition	robust top-	multiclass svm
Learning subspace kernels for classification.
learning subspace kernels
Evaluating the crowd with confidence.
confidence
Constructing comprehensive summaries of large event sequences.
constructing comprehensive summaries	large event sequences
Modeling urban traffic dynamics in coexistence with urban data streams.
modeling urban traffic dynamics	urban data streams
Direct mining of discriminative patterns for classifying uncertain data.
classifying uncertain data	direct mining	discriminative patterns
Grocery shopping recommendations based on basket-sensitive random walk.
grocery shopping recommendations based	basket-sensitive random walk
Characteristic relational patterns.
characteristic relational patterns
A semi-supervised approach for author disambiguation in KDD CUP 2013.
kdd cup 2013	author disambiguation	semi-supervised approach
Decision support and profit prediction for online auction sellers.
online auction sellers	profit prediction	decision support
MANTRA: A Scalable Approach to Mining Temporally Anomalous Sub-trajectories.
mining temporally anomalous sub-trajectories	scalable approach
Towards combining web classification and web information extraction: a case study.
combining web classification	web information extraction	case study
Scaling Up Stochastic Dual Coordinate Ascent.
stochastic dual coordinate ascent
Proceedings of KDD Cup 2011 competition, San Diego, CA, USA, 2011
kdd cup 2011 competition	san diego
Activity analysis based on low sample rate smart meters.
low sample rate smart meters	activity analysis based
Lightweight contrastive summarization for news comment mining.
lightweight contrastive summarization	news comment mining
SciNet: Interactive Intent Modeling for Information Discovery.
interactive intent modeling	information discovery
Ranking Health Web Pages with Relevance and Understandability.
ranking health web pages
Islands in the Stream: A Study of Item Recommendation within an Enterprise Social Stream.
enterprise social stream	item recommendation
Classification by Retrieval: Binarizing Data and Classifiers.
binarizing data
Exploring term temporality for pseudo-relevance feedback.
exploring term temporality	pseudo-relevance feedback
Emerging topic detection for organizations from microblogs.
emerging topic detection
Constructing effective and efficient topic-specific authority networks for expert finding in social media.
efficient topic-specific authority networks	constructing effective	social media	expert finding
Capturing page freshness for web search.
capturing page freshness	web search
On real-time ad-hoc retrieval evaluation.
real-time ad-hoc retrieval evaluation
Review of MSR-Bing web scale speller challenge.
msr-bing web scale speller challenge
Collecting high quality overlapping labels at low cost.
collecting high quality overlapping labels	low cost
Anserini: Enabling the Use of Lucene for Information Retrieval Research.
information retrieval research
Identifying Problems and Solutions in Scientific Text.
identifying problems	scientific text
Tackling class imbalance and data scarcity in literature-based gene function annotation.
literature-based gene function annotation	tackling class imbalance	data scarcity
Emotional Social Signals for Search Ranking.
emotional social signals	search ranking
Visual information retrieval using Java and LIRE.
visual information retrieval
Real-time visualization and targeting of online visitors.
real-time visualization	online visitors
Hierarchical Random Walk Inference in Knowledge Graphs.
hierarchical random walk inference	knowledge graphs
Ranking with multiple hyperplanes.
multiple hyperplanes
When documents are very long, BM25 fails!
bm25 fails
PKU @ CLSciSumm-17: Citation Contextualization.
pku @ clscisumm-17	citation contextualization
Learning to bridge colloquial and formal language applied to linking and search of E-Commerce data.
formal language applied	e-commerce data	bridge colloquial
Dynamic visualization of music classification systems.
music classification systems	dynamic visualization
Modeling the uniqueness of the user preferences for recommendation systems.
user preferences	recommendation systems
SIGIR 2013 workshop on time aware information access (#TAIA2013).
time aware information access	sigir 2013 workshop
Searching, browsing, and clicking in a search session: changes in user behavior by task and over time.
user behavior	search session
A general evaluation measure for document organization tasks.
document organization tasks	general evaluation measure
The good, the bad, and the random: an eye-tracking study of ad quality in web search.
web search	ad quality	eye-tracking study
A Simple Enhancement for Ad-hoc Information Retrieval via Topic Modelling.
ad-hoc information retrieval	topic modelling	simple enhancement
Extracting topics based on authors, recipients and content in microblogs.
extracting topics based
SpotSigs: robust and efficient near duplicate detection in large web collections.
large web collections	duplicate detection
Content-enriched classifier for web video classification.
web video classification	content-enriched classifier
Evaluating verbose query processing techniques.
evaluating verbose query processing techniques
SED: supervised experimental design and its application to text classification.
supervised experimental design	text classification
Finding advertising keywords on video scripts.
finding advertising keywords	video scripts
Efficient Data Structures for Massive N-Gram Datasets.
massive n-gram datasets	efficient data structures
Item Silk Road: Recommending Items from Information Domains to Social Users.
item silk road	recommending items	information domains	social users
Demonstration of Improved Search Result Relevancy Using Real-Time Implicit Relevance Feedback.
improved search result relevancy	real-time implicit relevance feedback
PULP: A System for Exploratory Search of Scientific Literature.
exploratory search	scientific literature
Modeling action-level satisfaction for search task satisfaction prediction.
search task satisfaction prediction	modeling action-level satisfaction
Using Domain Models for Context-Rich User Logging.
context-rich user logging	domain models
Management of keyword variation with frequency based generation of word forms in IR.
frequency based generation	word forms	keyword variation
A Dynamic Recurrent Model for Next Basket Recommendation.
dynamic recurrent model	basket recommendation
Enhancing Categorization of Computer Science Research Papers using Knowledge Bases.
computer science research papers	enhancing categorization	knowledge bases
Game State Retrieval with Keyword Queries.
game state retrieval	keyword queries
InfoScout: An Interactive, Entity Centric, Person Search Tool.
person search tool	entity centric
Knowledge transformation from word space to document space.
word space	document space	knowledge transformation
Personalized PageRank in Uncertain Graphs with Mutually Exclusive Edges.
mutually exclusive edges	personalized pagerank	uncertain graphs
Robust ranking models via risk-sensitive optimization.
robust ranking models	risk-sensitive optimization
Applying ranking SVM in query relaxation.
applying ranking svm	query relaxation
Three web-based heuristics to determine a person's or institution's country of origin.
web-based heuristics
Personalized active learning for collaborative filtering.
personalized active learning	collaborative filtering
Pictune: situational music recommendation from geotagged pictures.
situational music recommendation	geotagged pictures
Dynamic Personalized Ranking of Facets for Exploratory Search.
dynamic personalized ranking	exploratory search
Displaying relevance scores for search results.
displaying relevance scores	search results
Towards a combined model for search and navigation of annotated documents.
combined model	annotated documents
Aspect-based opinion mining from product reviews.
aspect-based opinion mining	product reviews
Collaborative Filtering Bandits.
collaborative filtering bandits
Re-examining search result snippet examination time forrelevance estimation.
re-examining search result snippet examination time forrelevance estimation
X-DART: Blending Dropout and Pruning for Efficient Learning to Rank.
blending dropout	efficient learning
Topic Modeling for Short Texts with Auxiliary Word Embeddings.
auxiliary word embeddings	topic modeling	short texts
Geographic ranking for a local search engine.
local search engine	geographic ranking
Improving query and result list adaptation in personalized multilingual information retrieval.
personalized multilingual information retrieval	result list adaptation	improving query
Search results using timeline visualizations.
search results	timeline visualizations
Social Media Image Recognition for Food Trend Analysis.
social media image recognition	food trend analysis
Early Fusion Strategy for Entity-Relationship Retrieval.
early fusion strategy	entity-relationship retrieval
Automatically Extracting High-Quality Negative Examples for Answer Selection in Question Answering.
automatically extracting high-quality negative examples	answer selection	question answering
It pays to be picky: an evaluation of thread retrieval in online forums.
thread retrieval	online forums
PRES: a score metric for evaluating recall-oriented information retrieval applications.
evaluating recall-oriented information retrieval applications	score metric
Content-based retrieval for heterogeneous domains: domain adaptation by relative aggregation points.
relative aggregation points	content-based retrieval	domain adaptation	heterogeneous domains
Retweeting Behavior Prediction Based on One-Class Collaborative Filtering in Social Networks.
retweeting behavior prediction based	one-class collaborative filtering	social networks
Who will retweet me?: finding retweeters in twitter.
finding retweeters
Online In-Situ Interleaved Evaluation of Real-Time Push Notification Systems.
real-time push notification systems	online in-situ interleaved evaluation
Intent-aware search result diversification.
intent-aware search result diversification
A few examples go a long way: constructing query models from elaborate query formulations.
constructing query models	elaborate query formulations
Understanding system implementation and user behavior in a collaborative information seeking environment.
collaborative information seeking environment	understanding system implementation	user behavior
Mining web search topics with diverse spatiotemporal patterns.
mining web search topics	diverse spatiotemporal patterns
Coarse-to-fine review selection via supervised joint aspect and sentiment model.
coarse-to-fine review selection	supervised joint aspect	sentiment model
A content based approach for discovering missing anchor text for web search.
discovering missing anchor text	content based approach	web search
Words-of-interest selection based on temporal motion coherence for video retrieval.
words-of-interest selection based	temporal motion coherence	video retrieval
A comparison of pooled and sampled relevance judgments.
sampled relevance judgments
Efficient and effective solutions for search engines.
effective solutions	search engines
Spatial relationships in visual graph modeling for image categorization.
visual graph modeling	spatial relationships	image categorization
Information Retrieval Meets Game Theory: The Ranking Competition Between Documents? Authors.
information retrieval meets game theory	ranking competition
On Using Information Retrieval for the Selection and Sensitivity Review of Digital Public Records.
digital public records	sensitivity review	information retrieval
Generalising multiple capture-recapture to non-uniform sample sizes.
non-uniform sample sizes	generalising multiple capture-recapture
Recommending social media content to community owners.
recommending social media content	community owners
Query dependent pseudo-relevance feedback based on wikipedia.
query dependent pseudo-relevance feedback based
A Novel Approach to Define and Model Contextual Features in Recommender Systems.
model contextual features	recommender systems
Comparing client and server dwell time estimates for click-level satisfaction prediction.
server dwell time estimates	click-level satisfaction prediction	comparing client
Fast and Compact Hamming Distance Index.
compact hamming distance index
Proceedings of the First International Workshop on Graph Search and Beyond, GSB 2015, co-located with The 38th Annual SIGIR Conference (SIGIR'15), Santiago, Chile, August 13th, 2015.
38th annual sigir conference	graph search	international workshop	august 13th
DBpedia-Entity v2: A Test Collection for Entity Search.
dbpedia-entity v2	entity search	test collection
Hierarchical multi-label classification of social text streams.
hierarchical multi-label classification	social text streams
Local text reuse detection.
local text reuse detection
On the importance of preserving the part-order in shape retrieval.
shape retrieval
Evaluating Search Result Diversity using Intent Hierarchies.
evaluating search result diversity	intent hierarchies
A flexible retrieval system of shapes in binary images.
flexible retrieval system	binary images
RELink: A Research Framework and Test Collection for Entity-Relationship Retrieval.
entity-relationship retrieval	test collection	research framework
Evaluation measures for preference judgments.
preference judgments	evaluation measures
User evaluation of query quality.
query quality	user evaluation
BrowseRank: letting web users vote for page importance.
letting web users vote	page importance
A Platform for Streaming Push Notifications to Mobile Assessors.
streaming push notifications	mobile assessors
On Information-Theoretic Document-Person Associations for Expert Search in Academia.
information-theoretic document-person associations	expert search
Exploiting term dependence while handling negation in medical search.
exploiting term dependence	handling negation	medical search
Joint Workshop on Bibliometric-enhanced Information Retrieval and Natural Language Processing for Digital Libraries (BIRNDL 2017).
bibliometric-enhanced information retrieval	natural language processing	digital libraries	joint workshop
A network-based model for high-dimensional information filtering.
high-dimensional information filtering	network-based model
Building a query log via crowdsourcing.
query log
Exploiting temporal topic models in social media retrieval.
exploiting temporal topic models	social media retrieval
Learning to Project and Binarise for Hashing Based Approximate Nearest Neighbour Search.
hashing based approximate nearest neighbour search
An Empirical Study of Learning to Rank for Entity Search.
entity search	empirical study
A new look at old tricks: the fertile roots of current research.
fertile roots	current research
ViewSer: enabling large-scale remote user studies of web search examination and interaction.
enabling large-scale remote user studies	web search examination
Feature subset non-negative matrix factorization and its applications to document understanding.
feature subset non-negative matrix factorization	document understanding
InfoLand: information lay-of-land for session search.
information lay-of-land	session search
Graph Search and Beyond: SIGIR 2015 Workshop Summary.
sigir 2015 workshop summary	graph search
From Footprint to Friendship: Modeling User Followership in Mobile Social Networks from Check-in Data.
modeling user followership	mobile social networks
CIST@CLSciSumm-17: Multiple Features Based Citation Linkage, Classification and Summarization.
multiple features based citation linkage	cist@clscisumm-17
Bibliometrics of "Information Retrieval" - A Tale of Three Databases.
information retrieval
Uncovering Crowdsourced Manipulation of Online Reviews.
uncovering crowdsourced manipulation	online reviews
Topic-centric Classification of Twitter User's Political Orientation.
twitter user	political orientation	topic-centric classification
CrowdReranking: exploring multiple search engines for visual search reranking.
exploring multiple search engines	visual search reranking
Achieving high accuracy retrieval using intra-document term ranking.
achieving high accuracy retrieval	intra-document term ranking
Natural language and the information layer.
information layer	natural language
On the mono- and cross-language detection of text reuse and plagiarism.
text reuse	cross-language detection
Group matrix factorization for scalable topic modeling.
group matrix factorization	scalable topic modeling
Ready to buy or just browsing?: detecting web searcher goals from interaction data.
detecting web searcher goals	interaction data
A Study of Snippet Length and Informativeness: Behaviour, Performance and User Experience.
user experience	snippet length
Addressing cold start in recommender systems: a semi-supervised co-training algorithm.
semi-supervised co-training algorithm	addressing cold start	recommender systems
Health Misinformation in Search and Social Media.
social media	health misinformation
Using clustering to enhance text classification.
enhance text classification
A tool for comparative IR evaluation on component level.
comparative ir evaluation	component level
Contextual video advertising system using scene information inferred from video scripts.
contextual video advertising system	scene information inferred	video scripts
Analyzing feature trajectories for event detection.
analyzing feature trajectories	event detection
Toponym ambiguity in geographical information retrieval.
geographical information retrieval	toponym ambiguity
Query-Based Sampling using Snippets.
query-based sampling
Structure, Personalization, Scale: A Deep Dive into LinkedIn Search.
deep dive	linkedin search
Personalized tag recommendation using graph-based ranking on multi-type interrelated objects.
personalized tag recommendation	multi-type interrelated objects	graph-based ranking
Effects of task and domain on searcher attention.
searcher attention
Hits hits TREC: exploring IR evaluation results with network analysis.
exploring ir evaluation results	hits hits trec	network analysis
Task detection for activity-based desktop search.
activity-based desktop search	task detection
Exploring semi-automatic nugget extraction for Japanese one click access evaluation.
exploring semi-automatic nugget extraction	click access evaluation
Parameterized Fielded Term Dependence Models for Ad-hoc Entity Retrieval from Knowledge Graph.
parameterized fielded term dependence models	ad-hoc entity retrieval	knowledge graph
Time drives interaction: simulating sessions in diverse searching environments.
time drives interaction	diverse searching environments	simulating sessions
Composite Correlation Quantization for Efficient Multimodal Retrieval.
composite correlation quantization	efficient multimodal retrieval
Hashtag recommendation for hyperlinked tweets.
hyperlinked tweets	hashtag recommendation
Compact Snippet Caching for Flash-based Search Engines.
flash-based search engines	compact snippet caching
Feature engineering for mobile (SMS) spam filtering.
feature engineering	spam filtering
Persona-ization: Searching on Behalf of Others.
persona-ization
Latent concept expansion using markov random fields.
markov random fields	latent concept expansion
Audio Features Affected by Music Expressiveness: Experimental Setup and Preliminary Results on Tuba Players.
audio features affected	tuba players	music expressiveness	preliminary results	experimental setup
Computing Web-scale Topic Models using an Asynchronous Parameter Server.
computing web-scale topic models	asynchronous parameter server
Evaluating the synergic effect of collaboration in information seeking.
information seeking	synergic effect
Detecting spammers and content promoters in online video social networks.
online video social networks	content promoters	detecting spammers
Tulip: lightweight entity recognition and disambiguation using wikipedia-based topic centroids.
wikipedia-based topic centroids	lightweight entity recognition
A two-dimensional click model for query auto-completion.
two-dimensional click model	query auto-completion
Generating Query Suggestions to Support Task-Based Search.
support task-based search	generating query suggestions
Document clustering with universum.
document clustering
Cross-Domain Recommendation via Clustering on Multi-Layer Graphs.
multi-layer graphs	cross-domain recommendation
Automatic suggestion of query-rewrite rules for enterprise search.
query-rewrite rules	enterprise search	automatic suggestion
Improving Search Engines via Large-Scale Physiological Sensing.
improving search engines	large-scale physiological sensing
Predicting Search User Examination with Visual Saliency.
predicting search user examination	visual saliency
A weighted curve fitting method for result merging in federated search.
weighted curve fitting method	result merging	federated search
On the information difference between standard retrieval models.
standard retrieval models	information difference
How good is a span of terms?: exploiting proximity to improve web retrieval.
improve web retrieval	exploiting proximity
Estimating the query difficulty for information retrieval.
information retrieval	query difficulty
An analysis of query difficulty for information retrieval in the medical domain.
information retrieval	medical domain	query difficulty
Personalizing information retrieval for multi-session tasks: the roles of task stage and task type.
personalizing information retrieval	multi-session tasks	task stage	task type
Task-aware search assistant.
task-aware search assistant
An aspectual interface for supporting complex search tasks.
supporting complex search tasks	aspectual interface
Proceedings of the First Workshop on Knowledge Graphs and Semantics for Text Retrieval and Analysis (KG4IR 2017) co-located with the 40th International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval (SIGIR 2017), Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan, August 11, 2017.
40th international acm sigir conference	knowledge graphs	text retrieval	information retrieval
Temporal index sharding for space-time efficiency in archive search.
temporal index sharding	archive search	space-time efficiency
Web page publication time detection and its application for page rank.
web page publication time detection	page rank
Modeling higher-order term dependencies in information retrieval using query hypergraphs.
modeling higher-order term dependencies	information retrieval	query hypergraphs
Synthesizing high utility suggestions for rare web search queries.
rare web search queries	synthesizing high utility suggestions
Improving search result summaries by using searcher behavior data.
improving search result summaries	searcher behavior data
Winnowing wheat from the chaff: propagating trust to sift spam from the web.
sift spam	winnowing wheat	propagating trust
Weighted Domain Translation for Online News Comments Emotion Tagging.
online news comments emotion tagging	weighted domain translation
Multi-document summarization using cluster-based link analysis.
cluster-based link analysis	multi-document summarization
Analyzing web text association to disambiguate abbreviation in queries.
analyzing web text association	disambiguate abbreviation
Retrieval of similar chess positions.
similar chess positions
Why do you Think this Query is Difficult?: A User Study on Human Query Prediction.
human query prediction	user study
On rank correlation and the distance between rankings.
rank correlation
BATC: a benchmark for aggregation techniques in crowdsourcing.
aggregation techniques
On theme location discovery for travelogue services.
theme location discovery	travelogue services
Online News Tracking for Ad-Hoc Queries.
online news tracking	ad-hoc queries
Retrieving Attitudes: Sentiment Analysis from Clinical Narratives.
retrieving attitudes	sentiment analysis	clinical narratives
Power and bias of subset pooling strategies.
subset pooling strategies
NeuroIR 2015: Neuro-Physiological Methods in IR Research.
neuro-physiological methods	ir research
HSpam14: A Collection of 14 Million Tweets for Hashtag-Oriented Spam Research.
hashtag-oriented spam research	14 million tweets
Exploring and measuring dependency trees for informationretrieval.
measuring dependency trees
Learning query intent from regularized click graphs.
learning query intent	regularized click graphs
Document Expansion Using External Collections.
external collections	document expansion
Extending language modeling techniques to models of search and browsing activity in a digital library.
extending language modeling techniques	browsing activity	digital library
Relevation!: an open source system for information retrieval relevance assessment}.
information retrieval relevance assessment}	open source system
An information-theoretic account of static index pruning.
static index pruning	information-theoretic account
Unconscious Physiological Effects of Search Latency on Users and Their Click Behaviour.
unconscious physiological effects	search latency	click behaviour
Score distribution models: assumptions, intuition, and robustness to score manipulation.
score distribution models	score manipulation
A comparison of time-aware ranking methods.
time-aware ranking methods
Label Aggregation for Crowdsourcing with Bi-Layer Clustering.
label aggregation	bi-layer clustering
Reducing long queries using query quality predictors.
query quality predictors	reducing long queries
Developing energy efficient filtering systems.
developing energy efficient filtering systems
Evaluating effects of machine translation accuracy on cross-lingual patent retrieval.
machine translation accuracy	cross-lingual patent retrieval	evaluating effects
Global ranking by exploiting user clicks.
exploiting user clicks	global ranking
Ranking opinionated blog posts using OpinionFinder.
ranking opinionated blog posts
Ranking by community relevance.
community relevance
Multi-view clustering of multilingual documents.
multi-view clustering	multilingual documents
Biomedical cross-language information retrieval.
biomedical cross-language information retrieval
Performance prediction using spatial autocorrelation.
spatial autocorrelation	performance prediction
TOTEM: Personal Tweets Summarization on Mobile Devices.
personal tweets summarization	mobile devices
Modeling subset distributions for verbose queries.
modeling subset distributions	verbose queries
A novel corpus-based stemming algorithm using co-occurrence statistics.
corpus-based stemming algorithm	co-occurrence statistics
Enhancing multi-label music genre classification through ensemble techniques.
enhancing multi-label music genre classification	ensemble techniques
Posterior probabilistic clustering using NMF.
posterior probabilistic clustering
Compact query term selection using topically related text.
compact query term selection	topically related text
Local approximation of PageRank and reverse PageRank.
local approximation
On Effective Personalized Music Retrieval by Exploring Online User Behaviors.
exploring online user behaviors	effective personalized music retrieval
Topic set size redux.
topic set size redux
Succinct Data Structures in Information Retrieval: Theory and Practice.
succinct data structures	information retrieval
A study of inter-annotator agreement for opinion retrieval.
inter-annotator agreement	opinion retrieval
Incomplete Follow-up Question Resolution using Retrieval based Sequence to Sequence Learning.
retrieval based sequence	sequence learning	question resolution	incomplete follow-
Increasing temporal diversity with purchase intervals.
increasing temporal diversity	purchase intervals
Sequential testing in classifier evaluation yields biased estimates of effectiveness.
classifier evaluation yields biased estimates	sequential testing
The retrievability of documents.
retrievability
Bilkent news portal: a personalizable system with new event detection and tracking capabilities.
bilkent news portal	tracking capabilities	personalizable system	event detection
Learning sufficient queries for entity filtering.
learning sufficient queries	entity filtering
Web page segmentation with structured prediction and its application in web page classification.
web page segmentation	web page classification	structured prediction
Query log analysis in the context of information retrieval for children.
query log analysis	information retrieval
Improved Caching Techniques for Large-Scale Image Hosting Services.
large-scale image hosting services	improved caching techniques
Performance Evaluation of Large-scale Information Retrieval Systems Scaling Down.
large-scale information retrieval systems scaling	performance evaluation
A low rank structural large margin method for cross-modal ranking.
low rank structural large margin method	cross-modal ranking
Music similarity and retrieval.
music similarity
A user behavior model for average precision and its generalization to graded judgments.
user behavior model	graded judgments	average precision
The interactive PRP for diversifying document rankings.
diversifying document rankings	interactive prp
Proceedings of Workshop on Semantic Matching in Information Retrieval co-located with the 37th international ACM SIGIR conference on research and development in information retrieval, SMIR@SIGIR 2014, Queensland, Australia, July 11, 2014.
37th international acm sigir conference	information retrieval co-located	smir@sigir 2014	information retrieval	semantic matching
Effective missing data prediction for collaborative filtering.
effective missing data prediction	collaborative filtering
Relevant knowledge helps in choosing right teacher: active query selection for ranking adaptation.
active query selection	relevant knowledge helps	ranking adaptation
End-to-End Neural Ad-hoc Ranking with Kernel Pooling.
end-to-end neural ad-hoc ranking	kernel pooling
How diverse are web search results?
web search results
Cross language name matching.
cross language
Topic-bridged PLSA for cross-domain text classification.
cross-domain text classification	topic-bridged plsa
Terms over LOAD: Leveraging Named Entities for Cross-Document Extraction and Summarization of Events.
leveraging named entities	cross-document extraction
Splitting Water: Precision and Anti-Precision to Reduce Pool Bias.
reduce pool bias	splitting water
Entity query feature expansion using knowledge base links.
entity query feature expansion	knowledge base links
Evaluating intuitiveness of vertical-aware click models.
vertical-aware click models	evaluating intuitiveness
Region-based landmark discovery by crowdsourcing geo-referenced photos.
region-based landmark discovery	crowdsourcing geo-referenced photos
Enhancing cluster labeling using wikipedia.
enhancing cluster labeling
Efficient Cost-Aware Cascade Ranking in Multi-Stage Retrieval.
efficient cost-aware cascade ranking	multi-stage retrieval
User-aware caching and prefetching query results in web search engines.
prefetching query results	web search engines	user-aware caching
The impact of crawl policy on web search effectiveness.
web search effectiveness	crawl policy
Principled dictionary pruning for low-memory corpus compression.
principled dictionary pruning	low-memory corpus compression
EveTAR: A New Test Collection for Event Detection in Arabic Tweets.
arabic tweets	event detection	test collection
Wikipedia-based query performance prediction.
wikipedia-based query performance prediction
Unsupervised query segmentation using clickthrough for information retrieval.
unsupervised query segmentation	information retrieval
Exploring Session Context using Distributed Representations of Queries and Reformulations.
exploring session context	distributed representations
Question retrieval with user intent.
question retrieval	user intent
Can we do better than Co-Citations? - Bringing Citation Proximity Analysis from idea to practice in research article recommendation.
bringing citation proximity analysis	research article recommendation
Federated text retrieval from uncooperative overlapped collections.
federated text retrieval	uncooperative overlapped collections
Semantic Query Understanding.
semantic query understanding
Measuring assessor accuracy: a comparison of nist assessors and user study participants.
measuring assessor accuracy	user study participants	nist assessors
On iterative intelligent medical search.
iterative intelligent medical search
An effective snippet generation method using the pseudo relevance feedback technique.
pseudo relevance feedback technique	effective snippet generation method
One-button search extracts wider interests: an empirical study with video bookmarking search.
one-button search extracts wider interests	video bookmarking search	empirical study
Algorithmic mediation for collaborative exploratory search.
collaborative exploratory search	algorithmic mediation
Evaluating discourse-based answer extraction for why-question answering.
evaluating discourse-based answer extraction	why-question answering
Optimizing Trade-offs Among Stakeholders in Real-Time Bidding by Incorporating Multimedia Metrics.
incorporating multimedia metrics	optimizing trade-offs	real-time bidding
A faceted interface for multimedia search.
faceted interface	multimedia search
Cross-language web page classification via dual knowledge transfer using nonnegative matrix tri-factorization.
cross-language web page classification	nonnegative matrix tri-factorization	dual knowledge transfer
Short text categorization exploiting contextual enrichment and external knowledge.
short text categorization exploiting contextual enrichment	external knowledge
Assessing the scenic route: measuring the value of search trails in web logs.
scenic route	search trails	web logs
Exploiting paths for entity search in RDF graphs.
entity search	rdf graphs	exploiting paths
Information retrieval on bug locations by learning co-located bug report clusters.
learning co-located bug report clusters	bug locations	information retrieval
Competition-based user expertise score estimation.
competition-based user expertise score estimation
Predicting the popularity of web 2.0 items based on user comments.
0 items based	user comments
Incremental diversification for very large sets: a streaming-based approach.
large sets	streaming-based approach	incremental diversification
Automatic identification of arabic dialects in social media.
automatic identification	arabic dialects	social media
ThemeStreams: visualizing the stream of themes discussed in politics.
themes discussed
Looking ahead: query preview in exploratory search.
exploratory search	query preview
Exploiting click-through data for entity retrieval.
exploiting click-	entity retrieval
Exploring mouse movements for inferring query intent.
inferring query intent	exploring mouse movements
A Priori Relevance Based On Quality and Diversity Of Social Signals.
priori relevance based	social signals
Self-Paced Cross-Modal Subspace Matching.
self-paced cross-modal subspace matching
SearchResultFinder: federated search made easy.
federated search made easy
A novel topic model for automatic term extraction.
automatic term extraction	topic model
A mathematics retrieval system for formulae in layout presentations.
mathematics retrieval system	layout presentations
Improving Language Estimation with the Paragraph Vector Model for Ad-hoc Retrieval.
paragraph vector model	improving language estimation	ad-hoc retrieval
Investigating Topic Influence in Authorship Attribution.
investigating topic influence	authorship attribution
A Time-aware Random Walk Model for Finding Important Documents in Web Archives.
time-aware random walk model	finding important documents	web archives
The correlation between cluster hypothesis tests and the effectiveness of cluster-based retrieval.
cluster hypothesis tests	cluster-based retrieval
EntiTables: Smart Assistance for Entity-Focused Tables.
entity-focused tables	smart assistance
Online matching of web content to closed captions in IntoNow.
web content	online matching	closed captions
Learning to efficiently rank.
efficiently rank
Discriminative coupled dictionary hashing for fast cross-media retrieval.
discriminative coupled dictionary hashing	fast cross-media retrieval
Tweet2Vec: Learning Tweet Embeddings Using Character-level CNN-LSTM Encoder-Decoder.
learning tweet embeddings	character-level cnn-lstm encoder-decoder
Interoperability ranking for mobile applications.
interoperability ranking	mobile applications
A novel TF-IDF weighting scheme for effective ranking.
tf-idf weighting scheme	effective ranking
Serial Sharers: Detecting Split Identities of Web Authors.
detecting split identities	serial sharers	web authors
A ranking approach to keyphrase extraction.
keyphrase extraction	ranking approach
Using a mediated query approach for matching unstructured query with structured resources.
matching unstructured query	mediated query approach	structured resources
A toolkit for knowledge base population.
knowledge base population
Target Type Identification for Entity-Bearing Queries.
target type identification	entity-bearing queries
LBMCH: Learning Bridging Mapping for Cross-modal Hashing.
learning bridging mapping	cross-modal hashing
Genre classification for million song dataset using confidence-based classifiers combination.
confidence-based classifiers combination	million song dataset	genre classification
Active learning to maximize accuracy vs. effort in interactive information retrieval.
interactive information retrieval	maximize accuracy	active learning
Counting ancestors to estimate authority.
counting ancestors	estimate authority
Do users rate or review?: boost phrase-level sentiment labeling with review-level sentiment classification.
boost phrase-level sentiment labeling	review-level sentiment classification	users rate
Uncovering Task Based Behavioral Heterogeneities in Online Search Behavior.
uncovering task based behavioral heterogeneities	online search behavior
Burst Detection in Social Media Streams for Tracking Interest Profiles in Real Time.
tracking interest profiles	social media streams	burst detection	real time
Learning Hierarchical Representation Model for NextBasket Recommendation.
learning hierarchical representation model	nextbasket recommendation
Named entity normalization in user generated content.
named entity normalization	user generated content
Making mind and machine meet: a study of combining cognitive and algorithmic relevance feedback.
algorithmic relevance feedback	machine meet	combining cognitive	making mind
Learning to rank for freshness and relevance.
relevance
SOGOU-2012-CRAWL: A Crawl of Search Results in the Sogou 2012 Chinese Query Log.
sogou 2012 chinese query log	search results
TREC: topic engineering exercise.
topic engineering exercise
Clustering short texts using wikipedia.
clustering short texts
Predicting when browsing context is relevant to search.
browsing context
Finding web appearances of social network users via latent factor model.
latent factor model	finding web appearances	social network users
Learning to rank collections.
rank collections
A regression framework for learning ranking functions using relative relevance judgments.
learning ranking functions	relative relevance judgments	regression framework
Automatic boolean query suggestion for professional search.
automatic boolean query suggestion	professional search
Inferring Searcher Attention by Jointly Modeling User Interactions and Content Salience.
jointly modeling user interactions	inferring searcher attention	content salience
Differences between social media and regulatory databases in adverse drug reaction discovery.
adverse drug reaction discovery	regulatory databases	social media
How query extensions reflect search result abandonments.
query extensions reflect search result abandonments
Scalability and efficiency challenges in large-scale web search engines.
large-scale web search engines	efficiency challenges
Automatic classification of web pages into bookmark categories.
bookmark categories	automatic classification	web pages
Semantification of Identifiers in Mathematics for Better Math Information Retrieval.
math information retrieval
Leveraging User Reviews to Improve Accuracy for Mobile App Retrieval.
leveraging user reviews	mobile app retrieval	improve accuracy
Proximity-based opinion retrieval.
proximity-based opinion retrieval
Freshness matters: in flowers, food, and web authority.
freshness matters	web authority
An algorithm for text categorization.
text categorization
ChatNoir: a search engine for the ClueWeb09 corpus.
clueweb09 corpus	search engine
Automatic document prior feature selection for web retrieval.
automatic document prior feature selection	web retrieval
Bridging temporal context gaps using time-aware re-contextualization.
bridging temporal context gaps	time-aware re-contextualization
Top-k learning to rank: labeling, ranking and evaluation.
ranking
BitFunnel: Revisiting Signatures for Search.
revisiting signatures
Using search session context for named entity recognition in query.
named entity recognition	search session context
Click model-based information retrieval metrics.
click model-based information retrieval metrics
Term Proximity Constraints for Pseudo-Relevance Feedback.
term proximity constraints	pseudo-relevance feedback
The Lucene for Information Access and Retrieval Research (LIARR) Workshop at SIGIR 2017.
retrieval research	information access
Authors, Genre, and Linguistic Convention.
linguistic convention
A greedy algorithm for finding sets of entity linking interpretations in queries.
entity linking interpretations	finding sets	greedy algorithm
Collaborative personalized tweet recommendation.
collaborative personalized tweet recommendation
How many results per page?: A Study of SERP Size, Search Behavior and User Experience.
serp size	user experience	search behavior
Tracking Sentiment by Time Series Analysis.
time series analysis	tracking sentiment
ADAM: a system for jointly providing ir and database queries in large-scale multimedia retrieval.
large-scale multimedia retrieval	jointly providing ir	database queries
Scalability of findability: effective and efficient IR operations in large information networks.
large information networks	efficient ir operations
A cluster-based resampling method for pseudo-relevance feedback.
cluster-based resampling method	pseudo-relevance feedback
Proceedings of the Second International Workshop on Search as Learning, SAL 2016, co-located with the 39th International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, SIGIR 2016, Pisa, Italy, July 21st, 2016.
39th international acm sigir conference	international workshop	july 21st	information retrieval
Addressing morphological variation in alphabetic languages.
addressing morphological variation	alphabetic languages
Post-Learning Optimization of Tree Ensembles for Efficient Ranking.
post-learning optimization	tree ensembles	efficient ranking
Massive Implicit Feedback: Organizing Search Logs into Topic Maps for Collaborative Surfing.
massive implicit feedback	organizing search logs	topic maps	collaborative surfing
Cache-conscious runtime optimization for ranking ensembles.
cache-conscious runtime optimization	ranking ensembles
A Test Collection for Matching Patients to Clinical Trials.
matching patients	clinical trials	test collection
Predicting Session Length in Media Streaming.
predicting session length	media streaming
Enhanced results for web search.
web search	enhanced results
Privacy-preserving IR: when information retrieval meets privacy and security.
information retrieval meets privacy	privacy-preserving ir
A Probabilistic Reformulation of Memory-Based Collaborative Filtering: Implications on Popularity Biases.
memory-based collaborative filtering	probabilistic reformulation	popularity biases
A syntactic tree matching approach to finding similar questions in community-based qa services.
syntactic tree matching approach	community-based qa services	finding similar questions
Finding impressive social content creators: searching for SNS illustrators using feedback on motifs and impressions.
finding impressive social content creators	sns illustrators
UBC entity recognition and disambiguation at ERD 2014.
ubc entity recognition
Reputation analysis with a ranked sentiment-lexicon.
ranked sentiment-lexicon	reputation analysis
Deep classification in large-scale text hierarchies.
large-scale text hierarchies	deep classification
Aggregating multiple opinion evidence in proximity-based opinion retrieval.
aggregating multiple opinion evidence	proximity-based opinion retrieval
Document clustering: an optimization problem.
document clustering	optimization problem
A Hierarchical Multimodal Attention-based Neural Network for Image Captioning.
hierarchical multimodal attention-based neural network	image captioning
Document summarization based on word associations.
document summarization based	word associations
Intent-oriented diversity in recommender systems.
intent-oriented diversity	recommender systems
Improving LDA topic models for microblogs via tweet pooling and automatic labeling.
improving lda topic models	tweet pooling	automatic labeling
Using k-Top retrieved web snippets to date temporalimplicit queries based on web content analysis.
date temporalimplicit queries based	k-top retrieved web snippets	web content analysis
Interesting nuggets and their impact on definitional question answering.
definitional question answering	interesting nuggets
EuroHCIR2013: the 3rd European workshop on human-computer interaction and information retrieval.
3rd european workshop	information retrieval	human-computer interaction
Entity information management in complex networks.
entity information management	complex networks
ALF: a client side logger and server for capturing user interactions in web applications.
client side logger	capturing user interactions	web applications
Friend or frenemy?: predicting signed ties in social networks.
predicting signed ties	social networks
Proceedings of the 32nd Annual International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, SIGIR 2009, Boston, MA, USA, July 19-23, 2009
32nd annual international acm sigir conference	july 19-23	information retrieval
High precision retrieval using relevance-flow graph.
high precision retrieval	relevance-flow graph
But Is It Statistically Significant?: Statistical Significance in IR Research, 1995-2014.
statistical significance	ir research	statistically significant
Learning for Efficient Supervised Query Expansion via Two-stage Feature Selection.
efficient supervised query expansion	two-stage feature selection
First Story Detection using Multiple Nearest Neighbors.
multiple nearest neighbors	story detection
Product retrieval for grocery stores.
product retrieval	grocery stores
Predicting bursts and popularity of hashtags in real-time.
predicting bursts
Discovering real-world use cases for a multimodal math search interface.
multimodal math search interface	discovering real-world
Event Recommendation based on Graph Random Walking and History Preference Reranking.
graph random walking	event recommendation based	history preference reranking
Open Source Repository Recommendation in Social Coding.
open source repository recommendation	social coding
TFMAP: optimizing MAP for top-n context-aware recommendation.
context-aware recommendation	optimizing map
Emotion tagging for comments of online news by meta classification with heterogeneous information sources.
heterogeneous information sources	emotion tagging	meta classification	online news
FitYou: integrating health profiles to real-time contextual suggestion.
integrating health profiles	real-time contextual suggestion
Constructing and Mining Web-scale Knowledge Graphs.
mining web-scale knowledge graphs
Exploiting correlated keywords to improve approximate information filtering.
improve approximate information filtering	exploiting correlated keywords
Utilizing phrase based semantic information for term dependency.
utilizing phrase based semantic information	term dependency
Improving Automated Controversy Detection on the Web.
improving automated controversy detection
Proactive Information Retrieval via Screen Surveillance.
proactive information retrieval	screen surveillance
An Exploration of Evaluation Metrics for Mobile Push Notifications.
mobile push notifications	evaluation metrics
An exploration of ranking heuristics in mobile local search.
mobile local search	ranking heuristics
Improving text classification accuracy using topic modeling over an additional corpus.
improving text classification accuracy	additional corpus	topic modeling
Evaluating whole-page relevance.
evaluating whole-page relevance
Effective query expansion with the resistance distance based term similarity metric.
resistance distance based term similarity metric	effective query expansion
Information organization and retrieval with collaboratively generated content.
collaboratively generated content	information organization
A word shape coding method for camera-based document images.
word shape coding method	camera-based document images
Filtering semi-structured documents based on faceted feedback.
filtering semi-structured documents based	faceted feedback
Text document clustering with metric learning.
text document clustering	metric learning
Multi-modal Relevance Feedback for Medical Image Retrieval.
multi-modal relevance feedback	medical image retrieval
Co-training on authorship attribution with very fewlabeled examples: methods vs. views.
authorship attribution	fewlabeled examples
Cross-lingual search over 22 european languages.
cross-lingual search	22 european languages
Who should share what?: item-level social influence prediction for users and posts ranking.
item-level social influence prediction	posts ranking
Hierarchical pitman-yor language model for information retrieval.
hierarchical pitman-yor language model	information retrieval
A multilingual and multiplatform application for medicinal plants prescription from medical symptoms.
medicinal plants prescription	multiplatform application	medical symptoms
Handling data sparsity in collaborative filtering using emotion and semantic based features.
semantic based features	handling data sparsity	collaborative filtering
Text selections as implicit relevance feedback.
implicit relevance feedback	text selections
Finally, a Downloadable Test Collection of Tweets.
downloadable test collection
Generating and Personalizing Bundle Recommendations on Steam.
personalizing bundle recommendations
Gamification for Machine Learning: The Classification Game.
classification game	machine learning
The good and the bad system: does the test collection predict users' effectiveness?
test collection predict users	bad system
Dynamic Query Modeling for Related Content Finding.
related content finding	dynamic query modeling
University of Houston @ CL-SciSumm 2017: Positional language Models, Structural Correspondence Learning and Textual Entailment.
positional language models	structural correspondence learning	houston @ cl-scisumm 2017	textual entailment
Query sampling for ranking learning in web search.
ranking learning	web search	query sampling
GreenMeter: a tool for assessing the quality and recommending tags for web 2.0 applications.
recommending tags
Learning the click-through rate for rare/new ads from similar ads.
similar ads
Discovering Experts across Multiple Domains.
multiple domains	discovering experts
Generating diverse katakana variants based on phonemic mapping.
generating diverse katakana variants based	phonemic mapping
Improving Search using Proximity-Based Statistics.
proximity-based statistics	improving search
IDF revisited: a simple new derivation within the Robertson-Spärck Jones probabilistic model.
robertson-spärck jones probabilistic model	idf revisited
Ousting ivory tower research: towards a web framework for providing experiments as a service.
ousting ivory tower research	providing experiments	web framework
Entity linking based on the co-occurrence graph and entity probability.
entity linking based	entity probability	co-occurrence graph
Improving retrieval of short texts through document expansion.
document expansion	short texts	improving retrieval
NTUNLP approaches to recognizing and disambiguating entities in long and short text at the ERD challenge 2014.
erd challenge 2014	short text	disambiguating entities	ntunlp approaches
Language-model-based pro/con classification of political text.
language-model-based pro/con classification	political text
Mining the web for points of interest.
web
Separate and inequal: preserving heterogeneity in topical authority flows.
topical authority flows	preserving heterogeneity
Intuition-supporting visualization of user's performance based on explicit negative higher-order relevance.
explicit negative higher-order relevance	intuition-supporting visualization	performance based
Learning to recommend with social trust ensemble.
social trust ensemble
Detecting word substitutions: PMI vs. HMM.
detecting word substitutions
Extracting Hierarchies of Search Tasks & Subtasks via a Bayesian Nonparametric Approach.
bayesian nonparametric approach	search tasks & subtasks	extracting hierarchies
Inferring the Public Agenda from Implicit Query Data.
implicit query data	public agenda
Efficient bayesian hierarchical user modeling for recommendation system.
efficient bayesian hierarchical user modeling	recommendation system
Combining coregularization and consensus-based self-training for multilingual text categorization.
multilingual text categorization	combining coregularization	consensus-based self-training
Personalized click shaping through lagrangian duality for online recommendation.
personalized click shaping	online recommendation	lagrangian duality
A method to automatically construct a user knowledge model in a forum environment.
user knowledge model	automatically construct	forum environment
Word-Entity Duet Representations for Document Ranking.
word-entity duet representations	document ranking
I See You: Person-of-Interest Search in Social Networks.
social networks	person-of-interest search
Untangling Result List Refinement and Ranking Quality: a Framework for Evaluation and Prediction.
untangling result list refinement	ranking quality
Temporal query substitution for ad search.
temporal query substitution	ad search
User centered story tracking.
user centered story tracking
The effect of assessor error on IR system evaluation.
ir system evaluation	assessor error
Predictive parallelization: taming tail latencies in web search.
taming tail latencies	web search	predictive parallelization
Template-independent wrapper for web forums.
web forums	template-independent wrapper
SGT Framework: Social, Geographical and Temporal Relevance for Recreational Queries in Web Search.
web search	temporal relevance	sgt framework	recreational queries
On the Relation Between Assessor's Agreement and Accuracy in Gamified Relevance Assessment.
gamified relevance assessment
Modeling Multi-query Retrieval Tasks Using Density Matrix Transformation.
modeling multi-query retrieval tasks	density matrix transformation
Investigating performance predictors using monte carlo simulation and score distribution models.
investigating performance predictors	score distribution models	monte carlo simulation
How k-12 students search for learning?: analysis of an educational search engine log.
educational search engine log	k-12 students search
Answering natural language queries over linked data graphs: a distributional semantics approach.
answering natural language queries	linked data graphs	distributional semantics approach
Automatic term mismatch diagnosis for selective query expansion.
automatic term mismatch diagnosis	selective query expansion
A combined component approach for finding collection-adapted ranking functions based on genetic programming.
finding collection-adapted ranking functions based	combined component approach	genetic programming
SIGIR 2015 Workshop on Temporal, Social and Spatially-aware Information Access (#TAIA2015).
spatially-aware information access	sigir 2015 workshop
Varying approaches to topical web query classification.
topical web query classification	varying approaches
To hint or not: exploring the effectiveness of search hints for complex informational tasks.
complex informational tasks	search hints
Topic (query) selection for IR evaluation.
ir evaluation
CrowdTracker: enabling community-based real-time web monitoring.
enabling community-based real-time web monitoring
Big Data in Climate: Opportunities and Challenges for Machine Learning.
big data	machine learning
Deciding on an adjustment for multiplicity in IR experiments.
ir experiments
Improving e-discovery using information retrieval.
improving e-discovery	information retrieval
System scoring using partial prior information.
partial prior information	system scoring
Lexical analysis for modeling web query reformulation.
modeling web query reformulation	lexical analysis
Learning to predict response times for online query scheduling.
predict response times	online query scheduling
Is this urgent?: exploring time-sensitive information needs in collaborative question answering.
exploring time-sensitive information	collaborative question answering
multi Searcher: can we support people to get information from text they can't read or understand?
support people	multi searcher
Analysis of structural relationships for hierarchical cluster labeling.
hierarchical cluster labeling	structural relationships
Modeling document scores for distributed information retrieval.
modeling document scores	distributed information retrieval
Where not to go?: detecting road hazards using twitter.
detecting road hazards
How Many Workers to Ask?: Adaptive Exploration for Collecting High Quality Labels.
collecting high quality labels	adaptive exploration
Learning to Rank with Selection Bias in Personal Search.
personal search	selection bias
From TagME to WAT: a new entity annotator.
entity annotator
Utilizing minimal relevance feedback for ad hoc retrieval.
utilizing minimal relevance feedback	ad hoc retrieval
Exploiting User and Business Attributes for Personalized Business Recommendation.
personalized business recommendation	business attributes	exploiting user
Explainable User Clustering in Short Text Streams.
short text streams	explainable user clustering
Latent semantic sparse hashing for cross-modal similarity search.
latent semantic sparse hashing	cross-modal similarity search
A scalable assistant librarian: hierarchical subject classification of books.
scalable assistant librarian	hierarchical subject classification
Combining implicit and explicit topic representations for result diversification.
explicit topic representations	result diversification	combining implicit
Fast on-line learning for multilingual categorization.
fast on-line learning	multilingual categorization
On predicting religion labels in microblogging networks.
predicting religion labels	microblogging networks
Novelty based Ranking of Human Answers for Community Questions.
novelty based ranking	community questions	human answers
Personalize web search results with user's location.
personalize web search results
SIGIR 2017 Workshop on eCommerce (ECOM17).
sigir 2017 workshop
Modeling expert finding as an absorbing random walk.
modeling expert finding	absorbing random walk
Refactoring the search problem.
search problem
Multi-Stage Math Formula Search: Using Appearance-Based Similarity Metrics at Scale.
multi-stage math formula search	appearance-based similarity metrics
Framework of a Real-Time Adaptive Hypermedia System.
real-time adaptive hypermedia system
Multimedia information retrieval.
multimedia information retrieval
Finding people and their utterances in social media.
social media	finding people
Automatic content linking: speech-based just-in-time retrieval for multimedia archives.
speech-based just-in-time retrieval	automatic content linking	multimedia archives
Multi-document summarization via sentence-level semantic analysis and symmetric matrix factorization.
sentence-level semantic analysis	symmetric matrix factorization	multi-document summarization
Site-based dynamic pruning for query processing in search engines.
site-based dynamic pruning	search engines	query processing
Heavy-tailed distributions and multi-keyword queries.
multi-keyword queries	heavy-tailed distributions
Real-time automatic tag recommendation.
real-time automatic tag recommendation
IR models: foundations and relationships.
ir models
TwiNER: named entity recognition in targeted twitter stream.
targeted twitter stream	named entity recognition
Temporally-aware algorithms for document classification.
document classification	temporally-aware algorithms
Tagcloud-based explanation with feedback for recommender systems.
tagcloud-based explanation	recommender systems
Quote Recommendation in Dialogue using Deep Neural Network.
deep neural network	quote recommendation
Topic segmentation using weighted lexical links (WLL).
weighted lexical links	topic segmentation
The role of network distance in linkedin people search.
linkedin people search	network distance
The opposite of smoothing: a language model approach to ranking query-specific document clusters.
ranking query-specific document clusters	language model approach
iGlasses: A Novel Recommendation System for Best-fit Glasses.
best-fit glasses	recommendation system
Hierarchical classification for automatic image annotation.
automatic image annotation	hierarchical classification
Medical search and classification tools for recommendation.
medical search	classification tools
Elsevier SIGIR 2011 application challenge abstract.
elsevier sigir 2011 application challenge abstract
A comparison of general vs personalised affective models for the prediction of topical relevance.
personalised affective models	topical relevance
Learning to rank for quantity consensus queries.
quantity consensus queries
UQV100: A Test Collection with Query Variability.
query variability	test collection
SimCC-AT: A Method to Compute Similarity of Scientific Papers with Automatic Parameter Tuning.
automatic parameter tuning	scientific papers	compute similarity
Privacy through Solidarity: A User-Utility-Preserving Framework to Counter Profiling.
counter profiling	user-utility-preserving framework
Tweetviz: Visualizing Tweets for Business Intelligence.
visualizing tweets	business intelligence
Spam filter evaluation with imprecise ground truth.
spam filter evaluation	imprecise ground truth
SoMeRA 2014: social media retrieval and analysis workshop.
social media retrieval	analysis workshop
Semantic Matching using Kernel Methods.
semantic matching	kernel methods
Evaluating Mobile Search with Height-Biased Gain.
evaluating mobile search	height-biased gain
TF-IDF uncovered: a study of theories and probabilities.
tf-idf uncovered
SearchPanel: framing complex search needs.
framing complex search
Placing flickr photos on a map.
placing flickr photos
Personalisation of Web Search: Exploring Search Query Parameters and User Information Privacy Implications-The Case of Google.
user information privacy implications-	exploring search query parameters	web search
A graph-based approach to mining multilingual word associations from wikipedia.
mining multilingual word associations	graph-based approach
Translation of Natural Language Query Into Keyword Query Using a RNN Encoder-Decoder.
natural language query	keyword query	rnn encoder-decoder
Equivalence between nonnegative tensor factorization and tensorial probabilistic latent semantic analysis.
tensorial probabilistic latent semantic analysis	nonnegative tensor factorization
Information retrieval for e-discovery.
information retrieval
Adaptive User Engagement Evaluation via Multi-task Learning.
adaptive user engagement evaluation	multi-task learning
Optimal Aggregation Policy for Reducing Tail Latency of Web Search.
optimal aggregation policy	reducing tail latency	web search
Detecting seasonal queries by time-series analysis.
detecting seasonal queries	time-series analysis
Accurate and robust text detection: a step-in for text retrieval in natural scene images.
natural scene images	robust text detection	text retrieval
Group-support for task-based information searching: a knowledge-based approach.
task-based information searching	knowledge-based approach
Utilizing query change for session search.
utilizing query change	session search
A framework for specific term recommendation systems.
specific term recommendation systems
Machine learned ranking of entity facets.
machine learned ranking	entity facets
Neighbourhood preserving quantisation for LSH.
neighbourhood preserving quantisation
How far will you go?: characterizing and predicting online search stopping behavior using information scent and need for cognition.
predicting online search stopping behavior	information scent
Competence-based song recommendation.
competence-based song recommendation
Is uncertain logical-matching equivalent to conditional probability?
uncertain logical-matching equivalent	conditional probability
Enhancing Recurrent Neural Networks with Positional Attention for Question Answering.
enhancing recurrent neural networks	question answering	positional attention
Searching in the city of knowledge: challenges and recent developments.
recent developments
On diversifying and personalizing web search.
personalizing web search
Ranking related news predictions.
ranking related news predictions
Learning to rank with partially-labeled data.
partially-labeled data
Wikipedia in the pocket: indexing technology for near-duplicate detection and high similarity search.
high similarity search	indexing technology	near-duplicate detection
On run diversity in Evaluation as a Service.
run diversity
A classification-based approach to question answering in discussion boards.
discussion boards	question answering	classification-based approach
The importance of manual assessment in link discovery.
manual assessment	link discovery
Learning from labeled features using generalized expectation criteria.
generalized expectation criteria	labeled features
Adapted B-CUBED Metrics to Unbalanced Datasets.
adapted b-cubed metrics	unbalanced datasets
Segmentation of multi-sentence questions: towards effective question retrieval in cQA services.
effective question retrieval	multi-sentence questions	cqa services
Ranking Documents Through Stochastic Sampling on Bayesian Network-based Models: A Pilot Study.
bayesian network-based models	ranking documents	stochastic sampling	pilot study
Joint Latent Subspace Learning and Regression for Cross-Modal Retrieval.
joint latent subspace learning	cross-modal retrieval
Zero-shot Image Tagging by Hierarchical Semantic Embedding.
hierarchical semantic embedding	zero-shot image tagging
User preference choices for complex question answering.
complex question answering	user preference choices
Mouse movement during relevance judging: implications for determining user attention.
determining user attention	relevance judging	mouse movement
Indexing strategies for graceful degradation of search quality.
graceful degradation	indexing strategies	search quality
The ESA retrieval model revisited.
esa retrieval model revisited
Tossing coins to trim long queries.
trim long queries	tossing coins
The utility of linguistic rules in opinion mining.
opinion mining	linguistic rules
Rating-based collaborative filtering combined with additional regularization.
rating-based collaborative filtering combined	additional regularization
Exploiting Twitter and Wikipedia for the annotation of event images.
exploiting twitter	event images
Click-through-based cross-view learning for image search.
click-through-based cross-view learning	image search
IR Evaluation: Modeling User Behavior for Measuring Effectiveness.
modeling user behavior	measuring effectiveness	ir evaluation
Spotify: Music Access At Scale.
music access
Functional matrix factorizations for cold-start recommendation.
functional matrix factorizations	cold-start recommendation
PageFetch: a retrieval game for children (and adults).
retrieval game
Interactive retrieval based on faceted feedback.
interactive retrieval based	faceted feedback
Structuring collections with Scatter/Gather extensions.
structuring collections	scatter/gather extensions
On efficient posting list intersection with multicore processors.
efficient posting list intersection	multicore processors
Adaptation of offline vertical selection predictions in the presence of user feedback.
offline vertical selection predictions	user feedback
Learning for search result diversification.
search result diversification
Learning to personalize trending image search suggestion.
personalize trending image search suggestion
Modeling the evolution of product entities.
product entities
Acquisition of instance attributes via labeled and related instances.
instance attributes	related instances
Towards Quantifying the Impact of Non-Uniform Information Access in Collaborative Information Retrieval.
non-uniform information access	collaborative information retrieval
Predicting quality flaws in user-generated content: the case of wikipedia.
predicting quality flaws	user-generated content
A user browsing model to predict search engine click data from past observations.
predict search engine click data	user browsing model	past observations
WISA: a novel web image semantic analysis system.
web image semantic analysis system
On the Applicability of Delicious for Temporal Search on Web Archives.
temporal search	web archives
Updating collection representations for federated search.
updating collection representations	federated search
Modelling Term Dependence with Copulas.
modelling term dependence
Retrieval models for question and answer archives.
answer archives	retrieval models
Web derived pronunciations for spoken term detection.
spoken term detection	web derived pronunciations
Towards better measurement of attention and satisfaction in mobile search.
mobile search
An interdisciplinary perspective on information retrieval.
interdisciplinary perspective	information retrieval
Impact of Review-Set Selection on Human Assessment for Text Classification.
review-set selection	human assessment	text classification
Salton award lecture: information retrieval as engineering science.
salton award lecture	engineering science	information retrieval
Personalized time-aware tweets summarization.
personalized time-aware tweets summarization
Usefulness of click-through data in expert search.
expert search
EUSUM: extracting easy-to-understand english summaries for non-native readers.
extracting easy-to-understand english summaries	non-native readers
Utility-based information distillation over temporally sequenced documents.
temporally sequenced documents	utility-based information distillation
R-Susceptibility: An IR-Centric Approach to Assessing Privacy Risks for Users in Online Communities.
assessing privacy risks	ir-centric approach	online communities
Author disambiguation by hierarchical agglomerative clustering with adaptive stopping criterion.
hierarchical agglomerative clustering	adaptive stopping criterion	author disambiguation
Exploring question subjectivity prediction in community QA.
exploring question subjectivity prediction	community qa
Evaluating answer passages using summarization measures.
evaluating answer passages	summarization measures
Random subspace for binary codes learning in large scale image retrieval.
large scale image retrieval	binary codes learning	random subspace
Retrieving Non-Redundant Questions to Summarize a Product Review.
retrieving non-redundant questions	product review
An investigation of decompounding for cross-language patent search.
cross-language patent search
Cross-language retrieval using link-based language models.
link-based language models	cross-language retrieval
Web query translation via web log mining.
web query translation	web log mining
Query expansion using path-constrained random walks.
path-constrained random walks	query expansion
Serendipitous search via wikipedia: a query log analysis.
query log analysis	serendipitous search
CLR: a collaborative location recommendation framework based on co-clustering.
collaborative location recommendation framework based
A case for improved evaluation of query difficulty prediction.
query difficulty prediction	improved evaluation
The SMAPH system for query entity recognition and disambiguation.
query entity recognition	smaph system
From Web Search Relevance to Vertical Search Relevance.
vertical search relevance	web search relevance
Graph-cut based tag enrichment.
graph-cut based tag enrichment
Multi-site User Behavior Modeling and Its Application in Video Recommendation.
multi-site user behavior modeling	video recommendation
On the local optimality of LambdaRank.
local optimality
A relevance model based filter for improving ad quality.
relevance model based filter	improving ad quality
Watching Through the Web: Building Personal Activity and Context-Aware Interfaces using Web Activity Streams.
building personal activity	web activity streams	context-aware interfaces
On the Benefit of Incorporating External Features in a Neural Architecture for Answer Sentence Selection.
answer sentence selection	incorporating external features	neural architecture
Event Detection on Curated Tweet Streams.
curated tweet streams	event detection
Context sensitive stemming for web search.
context sensitive stemming	web search
A generic framework for machine transliteration.
generic framework	machine transliteration
Collaborative personalized Twitter search with topic-language models.
collaborative personalized twitter search	topic-language models
Sumblr: continuous summarization of evolving tweet streams.
evolving tweet streams	continuous summarization
Topic Quality Metrics Based on Distributed Word Representations.
topic quality metrics based	distributed word representations
Information-based models for ad hoc IR.
ad hoc ir	information-based models
Towards a Distributed Search Engine.
distributed search engine
Opinion holder extraction from author and authority viewpoints.
opinion holder extraction	authority viewpoints
Modelling Information Needs in Collaborative Search Conversations.
collaborative search conversations	modelling information
Improved video categorization from text metadata and user comments.
improved video categorization	user comments	text metadata
A 2-poisson model for probabilistic coreference of named entities for improved text retrieval.
improved text retrieval	2-poisson model	probabilistic coreference	named entities
ExperTime: tracking expertise over time.
tracking expertise
Time Pressure and System Delays in Information Search.
information search	system delays	time pressure
Hypothesis testing for the risk-sensitive evaluation of retrieval systems.
risk-sensitive evaluation	hypothesis testing	retrieval systems
From keywords to keyqueries: content descriptors for the web.
content descriptors
Adaptive context features for toponym resolution in streaming news.
adaptive context features	streaming news	toponym resolution
Uncovering social spammers: social honeypots + machine learning.
social honeypots + machine learning	uncovering social spammers
Summarization of compressed text images: an experience on Indic script documents.
compressed text images	indic script documents
Classifying library catalogue by author profiling.
classifying library catalogue	author profiling
Transfer Learning for Information Retrieval.
transfer learning	information retrieval
Finding translations in scanned book collections.
scanned book collections	finding translations
EAIMS: Emergency Analysis Identification and Management System.
emergency analysis identification	management system
EvaluatIR: an online tool for evaluating and comparing IR systems.
comparing ir systems	online tool
Active learning for ranking through expected loss optimization.
expected loss optimization	active learning
Learning Query and Document Relevance from a Web-scale Click Graph.
web-scale click graph	learning query	document relevance
Term level search result diversification.
term level search result diversification
GNMID14: A Collection of 110 Million Global Music Identification Matches.
110 million global music identification matches
CTSUM: extracting more certain summaries for news articles.
news articles
Incorporating statistical topic information in relevance feedback.
incorporating statistical topic information	relevance feedback
On the measurement of test collection reliability.
test collection reliability
Support for Interactive Identification of Mentioned Entities in Conversational Speech.
mentioned entities	conversational speech	interactive identification
How do users respond to voice input errors?: lexical and phonetic query reformulation in voice search.
phonetic query reformulation	voice input errors	voice search	users respond
Retrieving information from the book of humanity: the personalized medicine data tsunami crashes on the beach of jeopardy.
personalized medicine data tsunami crashes	retrieving information
Risky business: modeling and exploiting uncertainty in information retrieval.
information retrieval	risky business	exploiting uncertainty
Analysis of an expert search query log.
expert search query log
Visual summarization of web pages.
web pages	visual summarization
An automatic translation of tags for multimedia contents using folksonomy networks.
automatic translation	folksonomy networks	multimedia contents
Detecting Controversies in Online News Media.
online news media	detecting controversies
A burstiness-aware approach for document dating.
burstiness-aware approach	document dating
Improving biomedical document retrieval using domain knowledge.
improving biomedical document retrieval	domain knowledge
Hybrid retrieval approaches to geospatial music recommendation.
hybrid retrieval approaches	geospatial music recommendation
Optimised Scheduling of Online Experiments.
optimised scheduling	online experiments
Partitioned Elias-Fano indexes.
partitioned elias-fano indexes
Cross-lingual query suggestion using query logs of different languages.
cross-lingual query suggestion	query logs
OrientSTS: spatio-temporal sequence searching in flickr.
spatio-temporal sequence searching
ProductSeeker: entity-based product retrieval for e-commerce.
entity-based product retrieval
Promoting User Engagement and Learning in Amorphous Search Tasks.
amorphous search tasks	promoting user engagement
An improved markov random field model for supporting verbose queries.
improved markov random field model	supporting verbose queries
From Design to Analysis: Conducting Controlled Laboratory Experiments with Users.
conducting controlled laboratory experiments
Quit While Ahead: Evaluating Truncated Rankings.
evaluating truncated rankings
A framework for BM25F-based XML retrieval.
bm25f-based xml retrieval
Intentions and attention in exploratory health search.
exploratory health search
Revisiting the Foundations of IR: Timeless, Yet Timely.
timely
Bilingual topic aspect classification with a few training examples.
bilingual topic aspect classification	training examples
Domain-specific information retrieval using rcommenders.
domain-specific information retrieval
On single-pass indexing with MapReduce.
single-pass indexing
Generalized syntactic and semantic models of query reformulation.
generalized syntactic	semantic models	query reformulation
Good abandonment in mobile and PC internet search.
pc internet search	good abandonment
Fast Matrix Factorization for Online Recommendation with Implicit Feedback.
fast matrix factorization	online recommendation	implicit feedback
ENCORE: External Neural Constraints Regularized Distant Supervision for Relation Extraction.
external neural constraints regularized distant supervision	relation extraction
Boosting multi-kernel locality-sensitive hashing for scalable image retrieval.
boosting multi-kernel locality-sensitive hashing	scalable image retrieval
Efficient Dynamic Pruning with Proximity Support.
efficient dynamic pruning	proximity support
Regularized clustering for documents.
regularized clustering
When more is less: the paradox of choice in search engine use.
search engine
Blog distillation using random walks.
blog distillation	random walks
Decayed DivRank: capturing relevance, diversity and prestige in information networks.
capturing relevance	decayed divrank	information networks
Multilingual people search.
multilingual people search
On Including the User Dynamic in Learning to Rank.
user dynamic
Caching search engine results over incremental indices.
caching search engine results	incremental indices
When Personalization Meets Conformity: Collective Similarity based Multi-Domain Recommendation.
collective similarity based multi-domain recommendation	personalization meets conformity
Confidence-aware graph regularization with heterogeneous pairwise features.
confidence-aware graph regularization	heterogeneous pairwise features
Personalized document re-ranking based on Bayesian probabilistic matrix factorization.
bayesian probabilistic matrix factorization	personalized document re-ranking based
Evaluating web search using task completion time.
task completion time	evaluating web search
Instant Search: A Hands-on Tutorial.
instant search
Towards methods for the collective gathering and quality control of relevance assessments.
relevance assessments	quality control	collective gathering
Searchbots: Using Chatbots in Collaborative Information-seeking Tasks.
collaborative information-seeking tasks
A Sequential Decision Formulation of the Interface Card Model for Interactive IR.
sequential decision formulation	interface card model	interactive ir
Time-based query performance predictors.
time-based query performance predictors
Neural Citation Network for Context-Aware Citation Recommendation.
neural citation network	context-aware citation recommendation
Studying trailfinding algorithms for enhanced web search.
studying trailfinding algorithms	enhanced web search
EXPOSE: searching the web for expertise.
web
Simple Dynamic Emission Strategies for Microblog Filtering.
simple dynamic emission strategies	microblog filtering
Diversity and novelty in information retrieval.
information retrieval
Choices and constraints: research goals and approaches in information retrieval (part 1).
research goals	information retrieval
Tulsa: web search for writing assistance.
writing assistance	web search
Large-scale author verification: temporal and topical influences.
large-scale author verification	topical influences
Finding question-answer pairs from online forums.
finding question-answer pairs	online forums
Mining touch interaction data on mobile devices to predict web search result relevance.
predict web search result relevance	mining touch interaction data	mobile devices
Comparing query logs and pseudo-relevance feedbackfor web-search query refinement.
pseudo-relevance feedbackfor web-search query refinement	comparing query logs
Twitter.
twitter
Riding the multimedia big data wave.
multimedia big data wave
Personalized Recommendation via Parameter-Free Contextual Bandits.
parameter-free contextual bandits	personalized recommendation
Low cost evaluation in information retrieval.
low cost evaluation	information retrieval
NicePic!: a system for extracting attractive photos from flickr streams.
extracting attractive photos	flickr streams
Sub-document Timestamping of Web Documents.
web documents	sub-document timestamping
iCollaborate: harvesting value from enterprise web usage.
enterprise web usage
Interpretation of coordinations, compound generation, and result fusion for query variants.
query variants	compound generation	result fusion
Gamification for WebSAIL.
websail
Improving retrieval accuracy by weighting document types with clickthrough data.
improving retrieval accuracy	weighting document types	clickthrough data
Report from the NTCIR-10 1CLICK-2 Japanese subtask: baselines, upperbounds and evaluation robustness.
ntcir-10 1click-2 japanese subtask	evaluation robustness
ClusteringWiki: personalized and collaborative clustering of search results.
search results	collaborative clustering
Teaching the Information Retrieval Process Using a Web-Based Environment and Game Mechanics.
information retrieval process	web-based environment	game mechanics
Link analysis for private weighted graphs.
private weighted graphs	link analysis
Question Answering with Knowledge Base, Web and Beyond.
question answering	knowledge base
People search in the enterprise.
people search
Automatic Generation of Review Matrices as Multi-document Summarization of Scientific Papers.
scientific papers	automatic generation	multi-document summarization	review matrices
Document identifier reassignment and run-length-compressed inverted indexes for improved search performance.
improved search performance	run-length-compressed inverted indexes	document identifier reassignment
DiffusionRank: a possible penicillin for web spamming.
web spamming
The 35th International ACM SIGIR conference on research and development in Information Retrieval, SIGIR '12, Portland, OR, USA, August 12-16, 2012
35th international acm sigir conference	august 12-16	information retrieval
Validity and power of t-test for comparing MAP and GMAP.
comparing map
Galean: Visualization of Geolocated News Events from Social Media.
geolocated news events	social media
Dimensionality reduction for dimension-specific search.
dimension-specific search	dimensionality reduction
Information re-retrieval: repeat queries in Yahoo's logs.
information re-retrieval	repeat queries
Multi-aspect query summarization by composite query.
multi-aspect query summarization	composite query
Evaluating Retrieval Models through Histogram Analysis.
evaluating retrieval models	histogram analysis
PRISM: concept-preserving social image search results summarization.
concept-preserving social image search results summarization
Exploring recommendations in internet of things.
exploring recommendations
A study of term weighting schemes using class information for text classification.
term weighting schemes	text classification	class information
The power of naive query segmentation.
naive query segmentation
Discovering key concepts in verbose queries.
discovering key concepts	verbose queries
Best document selection based on approximate utility optimization.
approximate utility optimization	document selection based
Search task difficulty: the expected vs. the reflected.
search task difficulty
Predicting eBay listing conversion.
predicting ebay listing conversion
Term-based commercial intent analysis.
term-based commercial intent analysis
Integrating phrase inseparability in phrase-based model.
integrating phrase inseparability	phrase-based model
Pursuing insights about healthcare utilization via geocoded search queries.
geocoded search queries	healthcare utilization	pursuing insights
Interleaved Evaluation for Retrospective Summarization and Prospective Notification on Document Streams.
prospective notification	retrospective summarization	interleaved evaluation	document streams
Generic similarity search engine demonstrated by an image retrieval application.
generic similarity search engine demonstrated	image retrieval application
Exploiting Wikipedia for Information Retrieval Tasks.
information retrieval tasks	exploiting wikipedia
Integrative online research-data management.
integrative online research-data management
Deep Learning for Information Retrieval.
deep learning	information retrieval
A reranking model for genomics aspect search.
genomics aspect search	reranking model
Inter-Category Variation in Location Search.
inter-category variation	location search
Modeling User Feedback in Dynamic Search and Browsing.
modeling user feedback	dynamic search
A knowledge-based approach for summarising opinions.
summarising opinions	knowledge-based approach
Pruning policies for two-tiered inverted index with correctness guarantee.
two-tiered inverted index	pruning policies	correctness guarantee
Active hashing with joint data example and tag selection.
active hashing	joint data	tag selection
Learning to reduce the semantic gap in web image retrieval and annotation.
web image retrieval	semantic gap
Cluster links prediction for literature based discovery using latent structure and semantic features.
literature based discovery	cluster links prediction	semantic features	latent structure
Gamifying Fitness or Fitnessifying Games: a Comparative Study.
fitnessifying games	comparative study	gamifying fitness
A model for expert finding in social networks.
expert finding	social networks
Multi-source Information Fusion for Personalized Restaurant Recommendation.
multi-source information fusion	personalized restaurant recommendation
Increased Information Leakage from Text.
increased information leakage
The economics in interactive information retrieval.
interactive information retrieval
A robust retrieval system of polyphonic music based on chord progression similarity.
chord progression similarity	robust retrieval system	polyphonic music based
Automatic URL completion and prediction using fuzzy type-ahead search.
automatic url completion	fuzzy type-ahead search
The effect of sampling strategy on inferred measures.
inferred measures	sampling strategy
Measuring the descriptiveness of web comments.
web comments
Creativity support: information discovery and exploratory search.
information discovery	creativity support	exploratory search
Detecting candidate named entities in search queries.
detecting candidate named entities	search queries
A new approach for evaluating query expansion: query-document term mismatch.
query-document term mismatch	evaluating query expansion
ISKODOR: unified user modeling for integrated searching.
unified user modeling	integrated searching
Predicting query performance in microblog retrieval.
predicting query performance	microblog retrieval
Random walks on the click graph.
click graph	random walks
IMRank: influence maximization via finding self-consistent ranking.
finding self-consistent ranking	influence maximization
Adaptive IR for exploratory search support.
exploratory search support	adaptive ir
Gaussian process factorization machines for context-aware recommendations.
gaussian process factorization machines	context-aware recommendations
IRGAN: A Minimax Game for Unifying Generative and Discriminative Information Retrieval Models.
discriminative information retrieval models	unifying generative	minimax game
Predicting User Engagement with Direct Displays Using Mouse Cursor Information.
mouse cursor information	predicting user engagement	direct displays
Improved query performance prediction using standard deviation.
improved query performance prediction	standard deviation
World knowledge in broad-coverage information filtering.
broad-coverage information filtering	world knowledge
A longitudinal study of real-time search assistance adoption.
real-time search assistance adoption	longitudinal study
Queries without clicks: evaluating retrieval effectiveness based on user feedback.
evaluating retrieval effectiveness based	user feedback
Learning to rank audience for behavioral targeting.
behavioral targeting	rank audience
How to count thumb-ups and thumb-downs?: an information retrieval approach to user-rating based ranking of items.
information retrieval approach	user-rating based ranking	count thumb-ups
A proximity language model for information retrieval.
proximity language model	information retrieval
Personalized music emotion recognition.
personalized music emotion recognition
Context-aware ranking in web search.
web search	context-aware ranking
EvALL: Open Access Evaluation for Information Access Systems.
open access evaluation	information access systems
Inverted indexes for phrases and strings.
inverted indexes
To translate or not to translate?
translate
Multidimensional relevance modeling via psychometrics and crowdsourcing.
multidimensional relevance modeling
Refining search results with facet landscapes.
refining search results	facet landscapes
An adaptive evidence weighting method for medical record search.
adaptive evidence weighting method	medical record search
Deep Learning for Extreme Multi-label Text Classification.
extreme multi-label text classification	deep learning
Semantic full-text search with broccoli.
semantic full-text search
Learning to Extract Local Events from the Web.
extract local events
An annotation similarity model in passage ranking for historical fact validation.
annotation similarity model	historical fact validation	passage ranking
Personalized video: leanback online video consumption.
leanback online video consumption	personalized video
Incorporating global information into named entity recognition systems using relational context.
named entity recognition systems	incorporating global information	relational context
Adversarial content manipulation effects.
adversarial content manipulation effects
Using Word Embedding to Evaluate the Coherence of Topics from Twitter Data.
word embedding	twitter data
CollabSum: exploiting multiple document clustering for collaborative single document summarizations.
collaborative single document summarizations	exploiting multiple document clustering
Mining Measured Information from Text.
mining measured information
Taily: shard selection using the tail of score distributions.
score distributions	shard selection
Automatic extension of non-english wordnets.
non-english wordnets	automatic extension
Efficient in-memory top-k document retrieval.
efficient in-memory top-	document retrieval
Sketch-based image similarity search with a pen and paper interface.
sketch-based image similarity search	paper interface
Attentive Collaborative Filtering: Multimedia Recommendation with Item- and Component-Level Attention.
attentive collaborative filtering	component-level attention	multimedia recommendation
Cross-Device User Linking: URL, Session, Visiting Time, and Device-log Embedding.
cross-device user linking	device-log embedding	visiting time
Relevance Scores for Triples from Type-Like Relations.
relevance scores
Context aware query classification using dynamic query window and relationship net.
context aware query classification	dynamic query window	relationship net
On building a reusable Twitter corpus.
reusable twitter corpus
RDF Xpress: a flexible expressive RDF search engine.
flexible expressive rdf search engine	rdf xpress
From federated to aggregated search.
aggregated search
The bag-of-repeats representation of documents.
bag-of-repeats representation
CloudSearch and the democratization of information retrieval.
information retrieval
SIGIR 2014 workshop on semantic matching in information retrieval.
semantic matching	sigir 2014 workshop	information retrieval
Load-Balancing in Distributed Selective Search.
distributed selective search
Query similarity by projecting the query-flow graph.
query similarity	query-flow graph
On performance of topical opinion retrieval.
topical opinion retrieval
On multiword entity ranking in peer-to-peer search.
multiword entity ranking	peer-to-peer search
A framework for manipulating and searching multiple retrieval types.
searching multiple retrieval types
Is relevance hard work?: evaluating the effort of making relevant assessments.
making relevant assessments	relevance hard work
Towards Observable Indicators of Learning on Search.
observable indicators
Proceeding of the 34th International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, SIGIR 2011, Beijing, China, July 25-29, 2011
34th international acm sigir conference	july 25-29	information retrieval
Learning to rank with SoftRank and Gaussian processes.
gaussian processes
Opportunity model for e-commerce recommendation: right product; right time.
opportunity model	e-commerce recommendation
Contextual Bandits in a Collaborative Environment.
contextual bandits	collaborative environment
Bag-of-visual-words expansion using visual relatedness for video indexing.
visual relatedness	video indexing	bag-of-visual-words expansion
Hyperlink-extended pseudo relevance feedback for improved microblog retrieval.
hyperlink-extended pseudo relevance feedback	improved microblog retrieval
Adaptive query suggestion for difficult queries.
adaptive query suggestion	difficult queries
LSTM vs. BM25 for Open-domain QA: A Hands-on Comparison of Effectiveness and Efficiency.
open-domain qa
A revisit to social network-based recommender systems.
social network-based recommender systems
Labeling Documents in Search Collection: Evolving Classifiers on a Semantically Relevant Label Space.
semantically relevant label space	search collection	labeling documents	evolving classifiers
Aspect presence verification conditional on other aspects.
aspect presence verification conditional
Collaborative Information Seeking: Art and Science of Achieving 1+1>2 in IR.
collaborative information seeking	achieving 1+1>2
Sifting micro-blogging stream for events of user interest.
sifting micro-blogging stream	user interest
Enhancing relevance scoring with chronological term rank.
chronological term rank	enhancing relevance scoring
Differences in Eye-Tracking Measures Between Visits and Revisits to Relevant and Irrelevant Web Pages.
irrelevant web pages	eye-tracking measures
Optimizing Search Results for Educational Goals: Incorporating Keyword Density as a Retrieval Objective.
incorporating keyword density	optimizing search results	educational goals	retrieval objective
Resource monitoring in information extraction.
resource monitoring	information extraction
Exploration, navigation and retrieval of information in cultural heritage: ENRICH 2013.
cultural heritage
X-Site: a workplace search tool for software engineers.
workplace search tool	software engineers
Document features predicting assessor disagreement.
document features predicting assessor disagreement
A comparison of the optimality of statistical significance tests for information retrieval evaluation.
information retrieval evaluation	statistical significance tests
Adaptive label-driven scaling for latent semantic indexing.
adaptive label-driven scaling	latent semantic indexing
Explicit relevance models in intent-oriented information retrieval diversification.
intent-oriented information retrieval diversification	explicit relevance models
QuickScorer: A Fast Algorithm to Rank Documents with Additive Ensembles of Regression Trees.
additive ensembles	regression trees	fast algorithm	rank documents
Incentives for social annotation.
social annotation
Compression-based document length prior for language models.
compression-based document length prior	language models
On per-topic variance in IR evaluation.
ir evaluation	per-topic variance
Effective Music Feature NCP: Enhancing Cover Song Recognition with Music Transcription.
enhancing cover song recognition	effective music feature ncp	music transcription
Short text classification using very few words.
short text classification
Bootstrapping subjectivity detection.
bootstrapping subjectivity detection
An Introduction to Click Models for Web Search: SIGIR 2015 Tutorial.
click models	web search	sigir 2015 tutorial
Knowledge effects on document selection in search results pages.
search results pages	document selection	knowledge effects
Learning to Reweight Terms with Distributed Representations.
reweight terms	distributed representations
An exploration of proximity measures in information retrieval.
proximity measures	information retrieval
On correlation of absence time and search effectiveness.
absence time	search effectiveness
Simulation of Interaction: A Tutorial on Modelling and Simulating User Interaction and Search Behaviour.
simulating user interaction	search behaviour
A fusion approach to cluster labeling.
cluster labeling	fusion approach
Semi-supervised Hashing with Semantic Confidence for Large Scale Visual Search.
large scale visual search	semi-supervised hashing	semantic confidence
Contextualizing Citations for Scientific Summarization using Word Embeddings and Domain Knowledge.
domain knowledge	word embeddings	contextualizing citations	scientific summarization
Modeling dual role preferences for trust-aware recommendation.
modeling dual role preferences	trust-aware recommendation
Opinion influence and diffusion in social network.
opinion influence	social network
Using the cross-entropy method to re-rank search results.
re-rank search results	cross-entropy method
Mobile query reformulations.
mobile query reformulations
Exploring User-Specific Information in Music Retrieval.
exploring user-specific information	music retrieval
Which Information Sources are More Effective and Reliable in Video Search.
video search	information sources
Predicting Search Satisfaction Metrics with Interleaved Comparisons.
predicting search satisfaction metrics	interleaved comparisons
SPOT: Selecting occuPations frOm Trajectories.
selecting occupations
Comments-oriented document summarization: understanding documents with readers' feedback.
comments-oriented document summarization	understanding documents
Enrichment of user profiles across multiple online social networks for volunteerism matching for social enterprise.
multiple online social networks	social enterprise	volunteerism matching	user profiles
Sentiment identification by incorporating syntax, semantics and context information.
context information	sentiment identification	incorporating syntax
Image-Based Recommendations on Styles and Substitutes.
image-based recommendations
Evaluating relevant in context: document retrieval with a twist.
document retrieval	evaluating relevant
MEMOSE: search engine for emotions in multimedia documents.
multimedia documents	search engine
Effective approaches to retrieving and using expertise in social media.
effective approaches	social media
Query quality: user ratings and system predictions.
system predictions	query quality	user ratings
Retrievability of Code Mixed Microblogs.
code mixed microblogs
Computing and applying topic-level user interactions in microblog recommendation.
applying topic-level user interactions	microblog recommendation
Visual Recommendation Use Case for an Online Marketplace Platform: allegro.pl.
online marketplace platform	visual recommendation
Crowdsourcing for search evaluation and social-algorithmic search.
search evaluation	social-algorithmic search
Multi-layer graph-based semi-supervised learning for large-scale image datasets using mapreduce.
multi-layer graph-based semi-supervised learning	large-scale image datasets
Sense discrimination for physics retrieval.
sense discrimination	physics retrieval
Viewing online searching within a learning paradigm.
viewing online searching	learning paradigm
X-ENS: semantic enrichment of web search results at real-time.
web search results	semantic enrichment
Fighting against web spam: a novel propagation method based on click-through data.
propagation method based	web spam
On the Reusability of Open Test Collections.
open test collections
Proceedings of the SIGIR 2007 International Workshop on Plagiarism Analysis, Authorship Identification, and Near-Duplicate Detection, PAN 2007, Amsterdam, Netherlands, July 27, 2007
sigir 2007 international workshop	plagiarism analysis	authorship identification	near-duplicate detection
Search-based Evaluation from Truth Transcripts for Voice Search Applications.
voice search applications	truth transcripts	search-based evaluation
A probabilistic graphical model for joint answer ranking in question answering.
joint answer ranking	probabilistic graphical model	question answering
Dynamic location models.
dynamic location models
ReQ-ReC: high recall retrieval with query pooling and interactive classification.
high recall retrieval	interactive classification	query pooling
Post-ranking query suggestion by diversifying search results.
diversifying search results	post-ranking query suggestion
System for collective entity disambiguation.
collective entity disambiguation
Network-Aware Recommendations of Novel Tweets.
network-aware recommendations
wikiSearch: enabling interactivity in search.
enabling interactivity
Predicting lifespans of popular tweets in microblog.
predicting lifespans	popular tweets
Kinship contextualization: utilizing the preceding and following structural elements.
kinship contextualization	structural elements
A Stream-based Resource for Multi-Dimensional Evaluation of Recommender Algorithms.
recommender algorithms	multi-dimensional evaluation	stream-based resource
Re-ranking search results using document-passage graphs.
re-ranking search results	document-passage graphs
Generating Clinical Queries from Patient Narratives: A Comparison between Machines and Humans.
generating clinical queries	patient narratives
Tagging products using image classification.
image classification	tagging products
The TREC files: the (ground) truth is out there.
trec files
A Collection for Detecting Triggers of Sentiment Spikes.
sentiment spikes	detecting triggers
Linking wikipedia to the web.
linking wikipedia
Identifying points of interest by self-tuning clustering.
self-tuning clustering	identifying points
Assessing the reliability and reusability of an E-discovery privilege test collection.
e-discovery privilege test collection
Learning similarity functions for topic detection in online reputation monitoring.
online reputation monitoring	learning similarity functions	topic detection
Emulating query-biased summaries using document titles.
emulating query-biased summaries	document titles
Focused ranking in a vertical search engine.
vertical search engine	focused ranking
A latent topic model for linked documents.
latent topic model	linked documents
A multi-criteria content-based filtering system.
multi-criteria content-based filtering system
BlogCast effect on information diffusion in a blogosphere.
information diffusion	blogcast effect
Mining topics on participations for community discovery.
mining topics	community discovery
Twitter Sentiment Analysis with Deep Convolutional Neural Networks.
deep convolutional neural networks	twitter sentiment analysis
Enhancing mobile search using web search log data.
web search log data	enhancing mobile search
A mutual information-based framework for the analysis of information retrieval systems.
mutual information-based framework	information retrieval systems
The ComeWithMe System for Searching and Ranking Activity-Based Carpooling Rides.
ranking activity-based carpooling rides	comewithme system
Proceedings of the 31st Annual International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, SIGIR 2008, Singapore, July 20-24, 2008
31st annual international acm sigir conference	july 20-24	information retrieval
Pseudo test collections for learning web search ranking functions.
learning web search ranking functions	pseudo test collections
Sensor-aided mobile information management and retrieval.
sensor-aided mobile information management
Indexing confusion networks for morph-based spoken document retrieval.
morph-based spoken document retrieval	indexing confusion networks
Discrimination between tasks with user activity patterns during information search.
user activity patterns	information search
Proceedings of the Medical Information Retrieval Workshop at SIGIR co-located with the 37th annual international ACM SIGIR conference (ACM SIGIR 2014), Gold Coast, Australia, July 11, 2014.
37th annual international acm sigir conference	medical information retrieval workshop	acm sigir 2014	sigir co-located	gold coast
Controversy Detection and Stance Analysis.
controversy detection	stance analysis
Multi-objective optimization in learning to rank.
multi-objective optimization
Integrating hierarchical feature selection and classifier training for multi-label image annotation.
integrating hierarchical feature selection	multi-label image annotation	classifier training
From Design to Analysis: Conducting Controlled Laboratory Experiments with Users.
conducting controlled laboratory experiments
Broad expertise retrieval in sparse data environments.
sparse data environments	broad expertise retrieval
Explicit feedback in local search tasks.
local search tasks	explicit feedback
Relevance judgments between TREC and Non-TREC assessors.
non-trec assessors	relevance judgments
Evaluating diversified search results using per-intent graded relevance.
evaluating diversified search results	per-intent graded relevance
Automatic Identification and Contextual Reformulation of Implicit System-Related Queries.
implicit system-related queries	automatic identification	contextual reformulation
Positional language models for information retrieval.
positional language models	information retrieval
Medical Information Search Workshop (MEDIR).
medical information search workshop
Faceted Search for Library Catalogs: Developing Grounded Tasks and Analyzing Eye-Tracking Data.
analyzing eye-tracking data	developing grounded tasks	faceted search	library catalogs
A unified inverted index for an efficient image and text retrieval.
unified inverted index	text retrieval	efficient image
Improving search relevance for implicitly temporal queries.
improving search relevance	implicitly temporal queries
Bridging the digital divide: understanding information access practices in an indian village community.
understanding information access practices	indian village community	digital divide
Commodity query by snapping.
commodity query
From networks to human behavior.
human behavior
DivQ: diversification for keyword search over structured databases.
keyword search	structured databases
Characterizing the subjectivity of topics.
topics
Ranking using multiple document types in desktop search.
multiple document types	desktop search
Undergraduates' evaluations of assigned search topics.
assigned search topics
Adaptive near-duplicate detection via similarity learning.
adaptive near-duplicate detection	similarity learning
Improving searcher models using mouse cursor activity.
improving searcher models	mouse cursor activity
On social networks and collaborative recommendation.
collaborative recommendation	social networks
Using similarity links as shortcuts to relevant web pages.
relevant web pages	similarity links
Detecting Semantic Uncertainty by Learning Hedge Cues in Sentences Using an HMM.
detecting semantic uncertainty	learning hedge cues
DOM based content extraction via text density.
dom based content extraction	text density
Evaluating and predicting answer quality in community QA.
predicting answer quality	community qa
Lower Search Cost.
lower search cost
Relevance as a subjective and situational multidimensional concept.
situational multidimensional concept
TopicRank: bringing insight to users.
bringing insight
A candidate filtering mechanism for fast top-k query processing on modern cpus.
candidate filtering mechanism	fast top-	modern cpus	query processing
Exploring Clustering Based Knowledge Discovery towards Improved Medical Diagnosis.
exploring clustering based knowledge discovery	improved medical diagnosis
Towards an indexing method to speed-up music retrieval.
indexing method	music retrieval
A statistical comparison of tag and query logs.
statistical comparison	query logs
StarSum: A Simple Star Graph for Multi-document Summarization.
simple star graph	multi-document summarization
From Unlabelled Tweets to Twitter-specific Opinion Words.
twitter-specific opinion words	unlabelled tweets
Modeling facial expressions and peripheral physiological signals to predict topical relevance.
predict topical relevance	peripheral physiological signals	modeling facial expressions
ASTERIX: Ambiguity and Missing Element-Aware XML Keyword Search Engine.
missing element-aware xml keyword search engine
Time-based relevance models.
time-based relevance models
Collaborative cyberporn filtering with collective intelligence.
collaborative cyberporn filtering	collective intelligence
Towards robust query expansion: model selection in the language modeling framework.
language modeling framework	robust query expansion	model selection
Si-Fi: interactive similar item finder.
interactive similar item finder
Load-sensitive CPU Power Management for Web Search Engines.
load-sensitive cpu power management	web search engines
Self-adjusting hybrid recommenders based on social network analysis.
self-adjusting hybrid recommenders based	social network analysis
A bayesian logistic regression model for active relevance feedback.
bayesian logistic regression model	active relevance feedback
Placing images on the world map: a microblog-based enrichment approach.
microblog-based enrichment approach	placing images	world map
RecSys for distributed events: investigating the influence of recommendations on visitor plans.
distributed events	visitor plans
Going Beyond Relevance: Incorporating Effort in Information Retrieval.
incorporating effort	information retrieval
CharBoxes: a system for automatic discovery of character infoboxes from books.
automatic discovery	character infoboxes
Characterizing multi-click search behavior and the risks and opportunities of changing results during use.
characterizing multi-click search behavior	changing results
Inferring user intent in web search by exploiting social annotations.
inferring user intent	exploiting social annotations	web search
News vertical search: when and what to display to users.
news vertical search
SECC: A Novel Search Engine Interface with Live Chat Channel.
live chat channel	search engine interface
Predicting User Behavior in Display Advertising via Dynamic Collective Matrix Factorization.
dynamic collective matrix factorization	predicting user behavior	display advertising
Social Media Advertisement Outreach: Learning the Role of Aesthetics.
social media advertisement outreach
Associative tag recommendation exploiting multiple textual features.
associative tag recommendation exploiting multiple textual features
Proceedings of the Computational Linguistics Scientific Summarization Shared Task (CL-SciSumm 2017) organized as a part of the 2nd Joint Workshop on Bibliometric-enhanced Information Retrieval and Natural Language Processing for Digital Libraries (BIRNDL 2017) and co-located with the 40th International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval (SIGIR 2017), Tokyo, Japan, August 11, 2017.
computational linguistics scientific summarization shared task	40th international acm sigir conference	2nd joint workshop	natural language processing	bibliometric-enhanced information retrieval	information retrieval	digital libraries
People searching for people: analysis of a people search engine log.
people search engine log	people searching
CrowdLogging: distributed, private, and anonymous search logging.
anonymous search logging
Guide focused crawler efficiently and effectively using on-line topical importance estimation.
on-line topical importance estimation	guide focused crawler efficiently
On statistical analysis and optimization of information retrieval effectiveness metrics.
information retrieval effectiveness metrics	statistical analysis
Copulas for information retrieval.
information retrieval
Estimation methods for ranking recent information.
ranking recent information	estimation methods
Faster upper bounding of intersection sizes.
faster upper bounding	intersection sizes
Random Walk and Feedback on Scholarly Network.
random walk	scholarly network
Paragraph retrieval for why-question answering.
paragraph retrieval	why-question answering
Author interest topic model.
author interest topic model
Accommodating colorblind users in image search.
accommodating colorblind users	image search
Why searchers switch: understanding and predicting engine switching rationales.
predicting engine switching rationales	searchers switch
Amazon Search: The Joy of Ranking Products.
amazon search	ranking products
Web-derived resources for web information retrieval: from conceptual hierarchies to attribute hierarchies.
web information retrieval	web-derived resources	attribute hierarchies	conceptual hierarchies
Score standardization for inter-collection comparison of retrieval systems.
score standardization	inter-collection comparison	retrieval systems
Topic prerogative feature selection using multiple query examples for automatic video retrieval.
topic prerogative feature selection	automatic video retrieval	multiple query examples
Exploiting XML structure to improve information retrieval in peer-to-peer systems.
improve information retrieval	exploiting xml structure	peer-to-peer systems
Learning to translate queries for CLIR.
translate queries
Page hunt: improving search engines using human computation games.
human computation games	improving search engines	page hunt
Proceedings of the International Workshop on Social Personalisation & Search, SPS 2015, co-located with the 38th Annual ACM SIGIR Conference (SIGIR 2015), Santiago de Chile, Chile, August 9-13, 2015.
38th annual acm sigir conference	social personalisation & search	santiago de chile	august 9-13	international workshop
A hybrid model for ad-hoc information retrieval.
ad-hoc information retrieval	hybrid model
Community-based Cyberreading for Information Understanding.
community-based cyberreading	information understanding
Two-stage query segmentation for information retrieval.
two-stage query segmentation	information retrieval
Topic segmentation with shared topic detection and alignment of multiple documents.
shared topic detection	topic segmentation	multiple documents
Energy-price-driven query processing in multi-center web search engines.
multi-center web search engines	energy-price-driven query processing
Axiomatic Thinking for Information Retrieval: And Related Tasks.
information retrieval	related tasks	axiomatic thinking
A utility-theoretic ranking method for semi-automated text classification.
utility-theoretic ranking method	semi-automated text classification
Re-ranking approach to classification in large-scale power-law distributed category systems.
large-scale power-law distributed category systems	re-ranking approach
An Extended Relevance Model for Session Search.
extended relevance model	session search
Entity-based retrieval.
entity-based retrieval
Ice-tea: an interactive cross-language search engine with translation enhancement.
interactive cross-language search engine	translation enhancement
Closed form solution of similarity algorithms.
closed form solution	similarity algorithms
Knowledge-intensive conceptual retrieval and passage extraction of biomedical literature.
knowledge-intensive conceptual retrieval	passage extraction	biomedical literature
Ingrams: A Neuropsychological Explanation For Why People Search.
people search	neuropsychological explanation
Distilling and exploring nuggets from a corpus.
exploring nuggets
Optimizing multimodal reranking for web image search.
web image search	optimizing multimodal reranking
Including summaries in system evaluation.
including summaries	system evaluation
Examining the Coherence of the Top Ranked Tweet Topics.
top ranked tweet topics
Using collaborative queries to improve retrieval for difficult topics.
collaborative queries	improve retrieval	difficult topics
Influence of Vertical Result in Web Search Examination.
web search examination	vertical result
Machine Learning Powered A/B Testing.
machine learning powered
Using score differences for search result diversification.
search result diversification	score differences
Query forwarding in geographically distributed search engines.
geographically distributed search engines	query forwarding
Efficient manifold ranking for image retrieval.
efficient manifold ranking	image retrieval
Persistence in the ephemeral: utilizing repeat behaviors for multi-session personalized search.
multi-session personalized search	utilizing repeat behaviors
Compressing term positions in web indexes.
compressing term positions	web indexes
From one tree to a forest: a unified solution for structured web data extraction.
structured web data extraction	unified solution
Is This Your Final Answer?: Evaluating the Effect of Answers on Good Abandonment in Mobile Search.
good abandonment	mobile search	final answer
STICS: searching with strings, things, and cats.
cats
Gender-aware re-ranking.
gender-aware re-ranking
Query term ranking based on search results overlap.
query term ranking based	search results overlap
Entropy descriptor for image classification.
image classification	entropy descriptor
One Million Posts: A Data Set of German Online Discussions.
german online discussions	million posts	data set
Fast document-at-a-time query processing using two-tier indexes.
fast document-at-a-time query processing	two-tier indexes
Annotating URLs with Query Terms: What Factors Predict Reliable Annotations?
factors predict reliable annotations	query terms	annotating urls
Formulating effective questions for community-based question answering.
community-based question answering	formulating effective questions
YooSee: a video browsing application for young children.
video browsing application	young children
Second order probabilistic models for within-document novelty detection in academic articles.
within-document novelty detection	order probabilistic models	academic articles
Evolutionary timeline summarization: a balanced optimization framework via iterative substitution.
evolutionary timeline summarization	balanced optimization framework	iterative substitution
Temporal diversity in recommender systems.
temporal diversity	recommender systems
Match the news: a firefox extension for real-time news recommendation.
real-time news recommendation	firefox extension
Latent dirichlet allocation based multi-document summarization.
latent dirichlet allocation based multi-document summarization
Transfer Learning for Cross-Lingual Sentiment Classification with Weakly Shared Deep Neural Networks.
weakly shared deep neural networks	cross-lingual sentiment classification	transfer learning
To index or not to index: time-space trade-offs in search engines with positional ranking functions.
positional ranking functions	search engines	time-space trade-offs
Rewarding term location information to enhance probabilistic information retrieval.
rewarding term location information	enhance probabilistic information retrieval
Predicting stopping behaviour: a preliminary analysis.
predicting stopping behaviour	preliminary analysis
Using query contexts in information retrieval.
query contexts	information retrieval
Six Tweets per Second.
tweets
CiteSight: supporting contextual citation recommendation using differential search.
supporting contextual citation recommendation	differential search
Time to judge relevance as an indicator of assessor error.
judge relevance	assessor error
Positional relevance model for pseudo-relevance feedback.
positional relevance model	pseudo-relevance feedback
On the relationship between effectiveness and accessibility.
effectiveness
Using wikipedia categories for ad hoc search.
ad hoc search	wikipedia categories
Making results fit into 40 characters: a study in document rewriting.
making results fit	document rewriting
Diversified relevance feedback.
diversified relevance feedback
Choices and constraints: research goals and approaches in information retrieval (part 2).
research goals	information retrieval
On document splitting in passage detection.
passage detection	document splitting
Monolingual and Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval Models Based on (Bilingual) Word Embeddings.
cross-lingual information retrieval models based	word embeddings
iMecho: a context-aware desktop search system.
context-aware desktop search system
An IR-based evaluation framework for web search query segmentation.
web search query segmentation	ir-based evaluation framework
Effects of highly agreed documents in relevancy prediction.
highly agreed documents	relevancy prediction
Searching on the Go: The Effects of Fragmented Attention on Mobile Web Search Tasks.
mobile web search tasks	fragmented attention
From concepts to implementation and visualization: tools from a team-based approach to ir.
team-based approach
Understanding web browsing behaviors through Weibull analysis of dwell time.
understanding web browsing behaviors	weibull analysis	dwell time
Predicting information seeker satisfaction in community question answering.
predicting information seeker satisfaction	community question answering
When does Relevance Mean Usefulness and User Satisfaction in Web Search?
user satisfaction	web search
Vertical selection in the presence of unlabeled verticals.
vertical selection	unlabeled verticals
Click-based Hot Fixes for Underperforming Torso Queries.
underperforming torso queries	click-based hot fixes
Mail Search: It's Getting Personal!
mail search
Preference preserving hashing for efficient recommendation.
preference preserving hashing	efficient recommendation
Scalability and efficiency challenges in commercial web search engines.
commercial web search engines	efficiency challenges
Estimating collection size with logistic regression.
estimating collection size	logistic regression
JuSe: a picture dictionary query system for children.
picture dictionary query system
Identifying Collaborations among Researchers: a pattern-based approach.
identifying collaborations	pattern-based approach
Crowdsourced App Review Manipulation.
crowdsourced app review manipulation
A Test Collection for Spoken Gujarati Queries.
spoken gujarati queries	test collection
Supporting efficient top-k queries in type-ahead search.
supporting efficient top-	type-ahead search
Discrete Collaborative Filtering.
discrete collaborative filtering
Modeling user's receptiveness over time for recommendation.
modeling user
A lattice-based approach to query-by-example spoken document retrieval.
spoken document retrieval	lattice-based approach
Predicting users' domain knowledge from search behaviors.
domain knowledge	predicting users	search behaviors
Evaluation of Coreference Resolution for Biomedical Text.
coreference resolution	biomedical text
Robust sparse rank learning for non-smooth ranking measures.
robust sparse rank learning	non-smooth ranking measures
SaR-Web - A Tool to Support Search as Learning Processes.
learning processes	support search
ReAct: Online Multimodal Embedding for Recency-Aware Spatiotemporal Activity Modeling.
recency-aware spatiotemporal activity modeling	online multimodal embedding
Leveraging Cross-Network Information for Graph Sparsification in Influence Maximization.
leveraging cross-network information	graph sparsification	influence maximization
To personalize or not to personalize: modeling queries with variation in user intent.
user intent	modeling queries
Using preference judgments for novel document retrieval.
preference judgments	document retrieval
Workshop on health search and discovery: helping users and advancing medicine.
advancing medicine	health search	helping users
Joint Learning of Response Ranking and Next Utterance Suggestion in Human-Computer Conversation System.
human-computer conversation system	utterance suggestion	response ranking	joint learning
Detecting synonyms in social tagging systems to improve content retrieval.
social tagging systems	improve content retrieval	detecting synonyms
Cumulative citation recommendation: classification vs. ranking.
cumulative citation recommendation
A subjunctive exploratory search interface to support media studies researchers.
support media studies researchers	subjunctive exploratory search interface
Report on the SIGIR 2014 Workshop on Medical Information Retrieval (MedIR).
medical information retrieval	sigir 2014 workshop
Successfully detecting and correcting false friends using channel profiles.
correcting false friends	channel profiles	successfully detecting
Improving search personalisation with dynamic group formation.
improving search personalisation	dynamic group formation
Fusion helps diversification.
fusion helps diversification
Extracting query facets from search results.
extracting query facets	search results
Supporting multiple information-seeking strategies in a single system framework.
supporting multiple information-seeking strategies	single system framework
Fine-grained location extraction from tweets with temporal awareness.
fine-grained location extraction	temporal awareness
NJUST @ CLSciSumm-17.
njust @ clscisumm-17
Is the Cranfield paradigm outdated?
cranfield paradigm outdated
Learning hidden variable models for blog retrieval.
learning hidden variable models	blog retrieval
Leveraging Context-Free Grammar for Efficient Inverted Index Compression.
efficient inverted index compression	leveraging context-free grammar
Summarizing the differences from microblogs.
microblogs
Towards a Game-Theoretic Framework for Information Retrieval.
game-theoretic framework	information retrieval
Practical Lessons for Gathering Quality Labels at Scale.
gathering quality labels	practical lessons
A support vector method for optimizing average precision.
optimizing average precision	support vector method
Future of the web and search.
web
A Neural Language Model for Query Auto-Completion.
neural language model	query auto-completion
Multi-style language model for web scale information retrieval.
web scale information retrieval	multi-style language model
Learning to Diversify Search Results via Subtopic Attention.
diversify search results	subtopic attention
Relating retrievability, performance and length.
relating retrievability
A new probabilistic retrieval model based on the dirichlet compound multinomial distribution.
probabilistic retrieval model based	dirichlet compound multinomial distribution
Desperately Seeking Theory: Gamification, Design, Data, Machine Learning, and the Promise of Double Loop Learning Systems.
double loop learning systems	desperately seeking theory	machine learning
Faster top-k document retrieval using block-max indexes.
document retrieval	faster top-	block-max indexes
Ranking tags in resource collections.
ranking tags	resource collections
#trapped!: social media search system requirements for emergency management professionals.
social media search system requirements	emergency management professionals
Modelling epistemic uncertainty in ir evaluation.
modelling epistemic uncertainty	ir evaluation
Towards retrieving relevant information graphics.
retrieving relevant information graphics
Training on the Job: Learning While Searching in an Engineering Workplace.
engineering workplace
Reinforcement Learning to Rank with Markov Decision Process.
markov decision process	reinforcement learning
Win-win search: dual-agent stochastic game in session search.
dual-agent stochastic game	win-win search	session search
Towards musical query-by-semantic-description using the CAL500 data set.
cal500 data set	musical query-by-semantic-description
Topic Model based Privacy Protection in Personalized Web Search.
topic model based privacy protection	personalized web search
Building Bridges across Social Platforms: Answering Twitter Questions with Yahoo! Answers.
answering twitter questions	social platforms	building bridges
Extractive summarisation via sentence removal: condensing relevant sentences into a short summary.
condensing relevant sentences	sentence removal	extractive summarisation	short summary
The Meta-Dex Suite: generating and analyzing indexes and meta-indexes.
analyzing indexes	meta-dex suite
Probability ranking principle via optimal expected rank.
probability ranking principle	optimal expected rank
Recipient recommendation in enterprises using communication graphs and email content.
recipient recommendation	communication graphs	email content
Multi-platform image search using tag enrichment.
multi-platform image search	tag enrichment
A geolinguistic web application based on linked open data.
geolinguistic web application based	linked open data
NTCIR Lifelog: The First Test Collection for Lifelog Research.
ntcir lifelog	lifelog research	test collection
Optical character recognition errors and their effects on natural language processing.
optical character recognition errors	natural language processing
Learning in a pairwise term-term proximity framework for information retrieval.
pairwise term-term proximity framework	information retrieval
Evaluating medical information retrieval.
evaluating medical information retrieval
Modeling search response time.
modeling search response time
Reorganizing compressed text.
reorganizing compressed text
ARSA: a sentiment-aware model for predicting sales performance using blogs.
predicting sales performance	sentiment-aware model
Incorporating prior knowledge into a transductive ranking algorithm for multi-document summarization.
incorporating prior knowledge	transductive ranking algorithm	multi-document summarization
Social recommendations at work.
social recommendations
A portable multilingual medical directory by automatic categorization of Wikipedia articles.
portable multilingual medical directory	wikipedia articles	automatic categorization
Posting list intersection on multicore architectures.
posting list intersection	multicore architectures
Predicting escalations of medical queries based on web page structure and content.
web page structure	medical queries based	predicting escalations
Exploring evaluation metrics: GMAP versus MAP.
exploring evaluation metrics	gmap versus map
Faster temporal range queries over versioned text.
faster temporal range queries	versioned text
Modeling click-through based word-pairs for web search.
modeling click-	based word-pairs	web search
A tag-based personalized item recommendation system using tensor modeling and topic model approaches.
tag-based personalized item recommendation system	topic model approaches	tensor modeling
Personalised News and Blog Recommendations based on User Location, Facebook and Twitter User Profiling.
blog recommendations based	twitter user profiling	user location	personalised news
Where the Event Lies: Predicting Event Occurrence in Textual Documents.
predicting event occurrence	event lies	textual documents
Inferring the most important types of a query: a semantic approach.
semantic approach	important types
SIGIR 2014 workshop on temporal, social and spatially-aware information access (#TAIA2014).
spatially-aware information access	sigir 2014 workshop
The knowing camera: recognizing places-of-interest in smartphone photos.
recognizing places-of-interest	smartphone photos	knowing camera
Hits on question answer portals: exploration of link analysis for author ranking.
question answer portals	link analysis	author ranking
Quantify query ambiguity using ODP metadata.
quantify query ambiguity	odp metadata
Predictive Network Representation Learning for Link Prediction.
predictive network representation learning	link prediction
Sample selection for dictionary-based corpus compression.
dictionary-based corpus compression	sample selection
Sentiment diversification with different biases.
sentiment diversification
Time Pressure in Information Search.
information search	time pressure
On measuring social friend interest similarities in recommender systems.
measuring social friend interest similarities	recommender systems
Proceeding of the 1st International Workshop on Privacy-Preserving IR: When Information Retrieval Meets Privacy and Security co-located with 37th Annual International ACM SIGIR conference, PIR@SIGIR 2014, Gold Coast, Australia, July 11, 2014.
37th annual international acm sigir conference	information retrieval meets privacy	1st international workshop	pir@sigir 2014	privacy-preserving ir	security co-located	gold coast
ResIn: a combination of results caching and index pruning for high-performance web search engines.
high-performance web search engines	results caching	index pruning
Context-aware Point-of-Interest Recommendation Using Tensor Factorization with Social Regularization.
context-aware point-of-interest recommendation	tensor factorization	social regularization
Measuring concept relatedness using language models.
measuring concept relatedness	language models
Agro-Gator: digesting experts, logs, and N-grams.
digesting experts
SIGIR: scholar vs. scholars' interpretation.
sigir
Embedding-based Query Expansion for Weighted Sequential Dependence Retrieval Model.
weighted sequential dependence retrieval model	embedding-based query expansion
Fielded Sequential Dependence Model for Ad-Hoc Entity Retrieval in the Web of Data.
fielded sequential dependence model	ad-hoc entity retrieval
Group latent factor model for recommendation with multiple user behaviors.
group latent factor model	multiple user behaviors
Large-scale graph mining and learning for information retrieval.
large-scale graph mining	information retrieval
Clarity re-visited.
clarity re-visited
POI Popularity Prediction via Hierarchical Fusion of Multiple Social Clues.
multiple social clues	poi popularity prediction	hierarchical fusion
The effect of threshold priming and need for cognition on relevance calibration and assessment.
threshold priming	relevance calibration
Building reputation and trust using federated search and opinion mining.
federated search	building reputation	opinion mining
Anonymizing Query Logs by Differential Privacy.
anonymizing query logs	differential privacy
A study on performance volatility in information retrieval.
performance volatility	information retrieval
Expedition: A Time-Aware Exploratory Search System Designed for Scholars.
time-aware exploratory search system designed
Probabilistic factor models for web site recommendation.
probabilistic factor models	web site recommendation
Leveraging viewer comments for mood classification of music video clips.
music video clips	leveraging viewer comments	mood classification
OMES: a new evaluation strategy using optimal matching for document clustering.
optimal matching	document clustering	evaluation strategy
Search, interrupted: understanding and predicting search task continuation.
predicting search task continuation
Seeking simplicity in search user interfaces.
search user interfaces	seeking simplicity
Cross-Lingual Information Retrieve in Sogou Search.
cross-lingual information retrieve	sogou search
Measuring Interestingness of Political Documents.
measuring interestingness	political documents
A syntax-aware re-ranker for microblog retrieval.
syntax-aware re-ranker	microblog retrieval
Comparing click-through data to purchase decisions for retrieval evaluation.
comparing click-	purchase decisions	retrieval evaluation
Find it if you can: a game for modeling different types of web search success using interaction data.
web search success	interaction data
Using computational community interest as an indicator for ranking.
computational community interest
Experimental methods for information retrieval.
experimental methods	information retrieval
Ranking Financial Tweets.
ranking financial tweets
Hashtag retrieval in a microblogging environment.
microblogging environment	hashtag retrieval
Has portfolio theory got any principles?
portfolio theory
Retrieval sensitivity under training using different measures.
retrieval sensitivity
Applying Information Extraction for Patent Structure Analysis.
patent structure analysis	applying information extraction
Two Sample T-tests for IR Evaluation: Student or Welch?
ir evaluation	sample t-tests
Proceedings of the Workshop on Understanding the User - Logging and Interpreting User Interactions in Information Search and Retrieval ( UIIR-2009 ), Boston, MA, USA, July 23, 2009. Workshop in Conjunction with SIGIR-2009 , Boston, MA, USA, July 19-23 2009.
interpreting user interactions	information search
Kernel-based learning to rank with syntactic and semantic structures.
kernel-based learning	semantic structures
Towards personalized distributed information retrieval.
personalized distributed information retrieval
SG++: Word Representation with Sentiment and Negation for Twitter Sentiment Classification.
twitter sentiment classification	word representation
What-you-retrieve-is-what-you-see: a preliminary cyber-physical search engine.
preliminary cyber-physical search engine
Graphical models for text: a new paradigm for text representation and processing.
graphical models
Inferring topic-dependent influence roles of Twitter users.
inferring topic-dependent influence roles	twitter users
Leveraging sources of collective wisdom on the web for discovering technology synergies.
discovering technology synergies	collective wisdom	leveraging sources
Using parsimonious language models on web data.
parsimonious language models	web data
Faster BlockMax WAND with Variable-sized Blocks.
faster blockmax wand	variable-sized blocks
Exploring social influence for recommendation: a generative model approach.
generative model approach	exploring social influence
LiveMaps: Converting Map Images into Interactive Maps.
converting map images	interactive maps
Going back in Time: An Investigation of Social Media Re-finding.
social media re-finding
Effective Trend Detection within a Dynamic Search Context.
dynamic search context	effective trend detection
Radio Oranje: searching the queen's speech(es).
radio oranje
Spoken Conversational Search: Information Retrieval over a Speech-only Communication Channel.
spoken conversational search	communication channel	information retrieval
Meta-evaluation of Online and Offline Web Search Evaluation Metrics.
offline web search evaluation metrics
Transitive history-based query disambiguation for query reformulation.
transitive history-based query disambiguation	query reformulation
Collaborative competitive filtering: learning recommender using context of user choice.
collaborative competitive filtering	learning recommender	user choice
Retrieval Techniques for Contextual Learning.
contextual learning	retrieval techniques
SoMeRA'14, Proceedings of the First ACM International Workshop on Social Media Retrieval and Analysis, July 11, 2014, Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia
acm international workshop	social media retrieval	gold coast
Detecting success in mobile search from interaction.
detecting success	mobile search
Latent community discovery through enterprise user search query modeling.
enterprise user search query modeling	latent community discovery
RankReduce - Processing K-Nearest Neighbor Queries on Top of MapReduce.
processing k-nearest neighbor queries
Semantic Matching in Search.
semantic matching
Efficient integration of proximity for text, semi-structured and graph retrieval.
graph retrieval	efficient integration
Collective entity linking in web text: a graph-based method.
collective entity linking	web text	graph-based method
A novel system for the semi automatic annotation of event images.
semi automatic annotation	event images
Fitting score distribution for blog opinion retrieval.
fitting score distribution	blog opinion retrieval
Proceedings of the Second Workshop on Analytics for Noisy Unstructured Text Data, AND 2008, Singapore, July 24, 2008
noisy unstructured text data
The wild thing goes local.
wild thing
Understanding and Predicting Usefulness Judgment in Web Search.
predicting usefulness judgment	web search
Evolution of web search results within years.
web search results
Bayesian Performance Comparison of Text Classifiers.
bayesian performance comparison	text classifiers
Query suggestions in the absence of query logs.
query suggestions	query logs
Has adhoc retrieval improved since 1994?
adhoc retrieval improved
Informational friend recommendation in social media.
informational friend recommendation	social media
BioNex: A System For Biomedical News Event Exploration.
biomedical news event exploration
Multilabel classification with meta-level features.
meta-level features	multilabel classification
Image search by concept map.
image search	concept map
Personalized query expansion for the web.
personalized query expansion
A study on the accuracy of Flickr's geotag data.
geotag data
Estimating query representativeness for query-performance prediction.
estimating query representativeness	query-performance prediction
InLook: Revisiting Email Search Experience.
revisiting email search experience
TopicVis: a GUI for topic-based feedback and navigation.
topic-based feedback
Query expansion using gaze-based feedback on the subdocument level.
gaze-based feedback	query expansion	subdocument level
When web search fails, searchers become askers: understanding the transition.
web search fails
Using Information Scent to Understand Mobile and Desktop Web Search Behavior.
desktop web search behavior	understand mobile	information scent
Named entity recognition in query.
named entity recognition
Browse with a social web directory.
social web directory
Weighted aspect-based collaborative filtering.
weighted aspect-based collaborative filtering
Using social annotations to enhance document representation for personalized search.
enhance document representation	personalized search	social annotations
How to cope with questions typed by dyslexic users.
dyslexic users	questions typed
A cascade ranking model for efficient ranked retrieval.
cascade ranking model	efficient ranked retrieval
Comparing the sensitivity of information retrieval metrics.
information retrieval metrics
Text collections for FIRE.
text collections
New event detection based on indexing-tree and named entity.
event detection based	named entity
Rendering expressions to improve accuracy of relevance assessment for math search.
math search	rendering expressions	relevance assessment	improve accuracy
Query recovery of short user queries: on query expansion with stopwords.
short user queries	query expansion	query recovery
ERD'14, Proceedings of the First ACM International Workshop on Entity Recognition & Disambiguation, July 11, 2014, Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia
acm international workshop	entity recognition & disambiguation	gold coast
Robust and Collective Entity Disambiguation through Semantic Embeddings.
collective entity disambiguation	semantic embeddings
Unsupervised linear score normalization revisited.
unsupervised linear score normalization revisited
GLASE 0.1: eyes tell more than mice.
eyes
Quality through flow and immersion: gamifying crowdsourced relevance assessments.
gamifying crowdsourced relevance assessments
Using local precision to compare search engines in consumer health information retrieval.
consumer health information retrieval	compare search engines	local precision
Diversifying query suggestions based on query documents.
diversifying query suggestions based	query documents
Probabilistic ensemble learning for vietnamese word segmentation.
vietnamese word segmentation	probabilistic ensemble learning
Building test collections: an interactive tutorial for students and others without their own evaluation conference series.
building test collections	evaluation conference series	interactive tutorial
A Probabilistic Model for Information Retrieval Based on Maximum Value Distribution.
information retrieval based	probabilistic model
Forecasting counts of user visits for online display advertising with probabilistic latent class models.
probabilistic latent class models	online display advertising	user visits	forecasting counts
Navigating Imprecision in Relevance Assessments on the Road to Total Recall: Roger and Me.
navigating imprecision	relevance assessments	total recall
Web Question Answering: Beyond Factoids: SIGIR 2015 Workshop.
web question answering	sigir 2015 workshop
Nexus: a real time QA system.
real time qa system
Domain expert topic familiarity and search behavior.
domain expert topic familiarity	search behavior
Beyond bag-of-words: machine learning for query-document matching in web search.
query-document matching	web search	machine learning
Pseudo test collections for training and tuning microblog rankers.
pseudo test collections	tuning microblog rankers
More efficient parallel computation of pagerank.
efficient parallel computation
The search duel: a response to a strong ranker.
search duel	strong ranker
Multi-field learning for email spam filtering.
email spam filtering	multi-field learning
TimedTextRank: adding the temporal dimension to multi-document summarization.
temporal dimension	multi-document summarization
Fixed-threshold SMO for Joint Constraint Learning Algorithm of Structural SVM.
joint constraint learning algorithm	fixed-threshold smo	structural svm
Flickr group recommendation based on tensor decomposition.
flickr group recommendation based	tensor decomposition
Distribution-oriented Aesthetics Assessment for Image Search.
distribution-oriented aesthetics assessment	image search
Analysis of Sentiment Communities in Online Networks.
sentiment communities	online networks
On profiling blogs with representative entries.
representative entries	profiling blogs
Comparing Approaches for Query Autocompletion.
query autocompletion	comparing approaches
VIRLab: a web-based virtual lab for learning and studying information retrieval models.
studying information retrieval models	web-based virtual lab
Enhancing keyword-based botanical information retrieval with information extraction.
enhancing keyword-based botanical information retrieval	information extraction
Fast generation of result snippets in web search.
web search	fast generation	result snippets
Estimating query performance using class predictions.
estimating query performance	class predictions
Mining product reviews based on shallow dependency parsing.
mining product reviews based	shallow dependency parsing
Learning To Rank Resources.
rank resources
Demonstration of citation pattern analysis for plagiarism detection.
citation pattern analysis	plagiarism detection
Leveraging Metropolis-Hastings Algorithm on Graph-based Model for Multimodal IR.
leveraging metropolis-hastings algorithm	graph-based model	multimodal ir
Towards breaking the quality curse.: a web-querying approach to web people search.
web people search	web-querying approach	quality curse
Query dependent ranking using K-nearest neighbor.
query dependent ranking	k-nearest neighbor
Practical online retrieval evaluation.
practical online retrieval evaluation
Efficient query expansion for advertisement search.
efficient query expansion	advertisement search
Diversification of search results using webgraphs.
search results
MSSF: a multi-document summarization framework based on submodularity.
multi-document summarization framework based
Segmentation strategies for passage retrieval in audio-visual documents.
segmentation strategies	audio-visual documents	passage retrieval
Ranking community answers by modeling question-answer relationships via analogical reasoning.
ranking community answers	modeling question-answer relationships	analogical reasoning
Removing the mismatch headache in XML keyword search.
xml keyword search	mismatch headache
Patent information retrieval: an instance of domain-specific search.
patent information retrieval	domain-specific search
Cross-domain and cross-category emotion tagging for comments of online news.
cross-category emotion tagging	online news
Studies of the onset and persistence of medical concerns in search logs.
medical concerns	search logs
Utilizing inter-document similarities in federated search.
utilizing inter-document similarities	federated search
Information Retrieval with Verbose Queries.
verbose queries	information retrieval
Information retrieval challenges in computational advertising.
information retrieval challenges	computational advertising
User geospatial context for music recommendation in microblogs.
user geospatial context	music recommendation
Finding Answers in Web Search.
web search	finding answers
An Improved Multileaving Algorithm for Online Ranker Evaluation.
improved multileaving algorithm	online ranker evaluation
Incorporating vertical results into search click models.
search click models	incorporating vertical results
What deliberately degrading search quality tells us about discount functions.
deliberately degrading search quality tells	discount functions
On judgments obtained from a commercial search engine.
commercial search engine	judgments obtained
Experiments with Convolutional Neural Network Models for Answer Selection.
convolutional neural network models	answer selection
Ontology-enriched multi-document summarization in disaster management.
ontology-enriched multi-document summarization	disaster management
Learning to rank with ties.
ties
Personalizing Search on Shared Devices.
shared devices	personalizing search
An event extraction model based on timeline and user analysis in Latent Dirichlet allocation.
event extraction model based	latent dirichlet allocation	user analysis
Learning Context-aware Latent Representations for Context-aware Collaborative Filtering.
learning context-aware latent representations	context-aware collaborative filtering
Scientific Information Understanding via Open Educational Resources (OER).
open educational resources	scientific information understanding
Deep Semantic Embedding.
deep semantic embedding
Open Relation Extraction for Support Passage Retrieval: Merit and Open Issues.
support passage retrieval	open relation extraction	open issues
Temporal variance of intents in multi-faceted event-driven information needs.
multi-faceted event-driven information	temporal variance
Efficient partial-duplicate detection based on sequence matching.
efficient partial-duplicate detection based	sequence matching
Reverse annotation based retrieval from large document image collections.
large document image collections	reverse annotation based retrieval
A time machine for text search.
text search	time machine
The demographics of web search.
web search
Is spam an issue for opinionated blog post search?
opinionated blog post search
Relevance and ranking in online dating systems.
online dating systems
Query expansion based on a semantic graph model.
semantic graph model	query expansion based
Methods for mining and summarizing text conversations.
summarizing text conversations
Extraction of open-domain class attributes from text: building blocks for faceted search.
open-domain class attributes	faceted search	building blocks
Comparing metrics across TREC and NTCIR: : the robustness to pool depth bias.
pool depth bias	comparing metrics
The First Workshop on Knowledge Graphs and Semantics for Text Retrieval and Analysis (KG4IR).
knowledge graphs	text retrieval
Evaluation of Digital Library Services Using Complementary Logs.
digital library services	complementary logs
Modeling and analysis of cross-session search tasks.
cross-session search tasks
Understanding Human Language: Can NLP and Deep Learning Help?
understanding human language	deep learning
The Utility and Privacy Effects of a Click.
privacy effects
Efficient top-k querying over social-tagging networks.
efficient top-	social-tagging networks
Detecting, categorizing and clustering entity mentions in Chinese text.
clustering entity mentions	chinese text
Aggregated click-through data in a homogeneous user community.
homogeneous user community	aggregated click-
Putting searchers into search.
putting searchers
The Benefits of Magnitude Estimation Relevance Assessments for Information Retrieval Evaluation.
magnitude estimation relevance assessments	information retrieval evaluation
The effect of expanding relevance judgements with duplicates.
expanding relevance judgements
On user interactions with query auto-completion.
user interactions	query auto-completion
Predicting Asymmetric Transitive Relations in Knowledge Bases.
predicting asymmetric transitive relations	knowledge bases
An interactive interface for visualizing events on Twitter.
interactive interface	visualizing events
Retrieval Algorithms Optimized for Human Learning.
retrieval algorithms optimized	human learning
ServiceXplorer: a similarity-based web service search engine.
similarity-based web service search engine
Improving relevance feedback in language modeling with score regularization.
improving relevance feedback	score regularization	language modeling
Learning to rank for information retrieval.
information retrieval
Location disambiguation for geo-tagged images.
geo-tagged images	location disambiguation
Forward to the Past: Notes towards a Pre-history of Web Search.
web search
Quantifying test collection quality based on the consistency of relevance judgements.
quantifying test collection quality based	relevance judgements
Minexml: bridging unstructured query with structured resources via mediated query.
bridging unstructured query	mediated query	structured resources
Using document structure for automatic summarization.
document structure	automatic summarization
An event-centric model for multilingual document similarity.
multilingual document similarity	event-centric model
Collaborative factorization for recommender systems.
recommender systems	collaborative factorization
An alignment-based pattern representation model for information extraction.
alignment-based pattern representation model	information extraction
Re-examination on lam% in spam filtering.
spam filtering
Understanding and Modeling Success in Email Search.
email search	modeling success
Content Recommendation for Viral Social Influence.
viral social influence	content recommendation
An incremental approach to efficient pseudo-relevance feedback.
efficient pseudo-relevance feedback	incremental approach
Combining document- and paragraph-based entity ranking.
paragraph-based entity ranking	combining document-
The influence of caption features on clickthrough patterns in web search.
web search	caption features	clickthrough patterns
Using information scent and need for cognition to understand online search behavior.
understand online search behavior	information scent
Query Expansion for Email Search.
email search	query expansion
What reviews are satisfactory: novel features for automatic helpfulness voting.
automatic helpfulness voting
EigenRank: a ranking-oriented approach to collaborative filtering.
ranking-oriented approach	collaborative filtering
Building Test Collections for Evaluating Temporal IR.
evaluating temporal ir	building test collections
Multidimensional search result diversification: diverse search results for diverse users.
multidimensional search result diversification	diverse search results	diverse users
New and improved: modeling versions to improve app recommendation.
improve app recommendation	modeling versions
Query expansion for mixed-script information retrieval.
mixed-script information retrieval	query expansion
Estimating global statistics for unstructured P2P search in the presence of adversarial peers.
unstructured p2p search	estimating global statistics	adversarial peers
Building Test Collections: An Interactive Guide for Students and Others Without Their Own Evaluation Conference Series.
building test collections	evaluation conference series	interactive guide
Probabilistic latent maximal marginal relevance.
probabilistic latent maximal marginal relevance
Cognos: crowdsourcing search for topic experts in microblogs.
topic experts	crowdsourcing search
DAJEE: A Dataset of Joint Educational Entities for Information Retrieval in Technology Enhanced Learning.
joint educational entities	technology enhanced learning	information retrieval
An LDA-smoothed relevance model for document expansion: a case study for spoken document retrieval.
lda-smoothed relevance model	spoken document retrieval	document expansion	case study
Automatic refinement of patent queries using concept importance predictors.
concept importance predictors	automatic refinement	patent queries
QuickView: advanced search of tweets.
advanced search
Online Learning to Rank for Cross-Language Information Retrieval.
cross-language information retrieval	online learning
Engineering Quality and Reliability in Technology-Assisted Review.
technology-assisted review	engineering quality
Investigation on smoothing and aggregation methods in blog retrieval.
aggregation methods	blog retrieval
Time-critical search.
time-critical search
Optimizing search engine revenue in sponsored search.
optimizing search engine revenue	sponsored search
AOL's Named Entity Resolver: Solving Disambiguation via Document Strongly Connected Components and Ad-Hoc Edges Construction.
document strongly connected components	ad-hoc edges construction	named entity resolver	solving disambiguation
Doc2Sent2Vec: A Novel Two-Phase Approach for Learning Document Representation.
learning document representation	two-phase approach
User adaptation: good results from poor systems.
good results	poor systems	user adaptation
MAPping the probability of start-up success.
success
Ranking for the conversion funnel.
conversion funnel
Medical information retrieval: an instance of domain-specific search.
medical information retrieval	domain-specific search
adaQAC: Adaptive Query Auto-Completion via Implicit Negative Feedback.
adaptive query auto-completion	implicit negative feedback
Summarizing highly structured documents for effective search interaction.
summarizing highly structured documents	effective search interaction
Mining employment market via text block detection and adaptive cross-domain information extraction.
adaptive cross-domain information extraction	mining employment market	text block detection
Ask Your TV: Real-Time Question Answering with Recurrent Neural Networks.
real-time question answering	recurrent neural networks
An Optimization Framework for Remapping and Reweighting Noisy Relevance Labels.
reweighting noisy relevance labels	optimization framework
Preface.
preface
Mailbox-Based vs. Log-Based Query Completion for Mail Search.
log-based query completion	mail search
Visualizing the problems with the INEX topics.
inex topics
Learning Gamification Design - An Usability First Approach for the Enterprise Infoboard Experiment.
learning gamification design	enterprise infoboard experiment
Adaptation of the concept hierarchy model with search logs for query recommendation on intranets.
concept hierarchy model	search logs	query recommendation
Compositional data analysis (CoDA) approaches to distance in information retrieval.
compositional data analysis	information retrieval
Predicting the ratings of multimedia items for making personalized recommendations.
making personalized recommendations	multimedia items
Short text classification in twitter to improve information filtering.
improve information filtering	short text classification
Twanchor text: a preliminary study of the value of tweets as anchor text.
twanchor text	preliminary study	anchor text
Exploiting MDS Projections for Cross-language IR.
exploiting mds projections	cross-language ir
LaSTUS/TALN @ CLSciSumm-17: Cross-document Sentence Matching and Scientific Text Summarization Systems.
scientific text summarization systems	cross-document sentence matching	lastus/taln @ clscisumm-17
Learning to personalize query auto-completion.
personalize query auto-completion
Generative modeling of persons and documents for expert search.
generative modeling	expert search
A Comparative Live Evaluation of Multileaving Methods on a Commercial cQA Search.
comparative live evaluation	commercial cqa search	multileaving methods
Pagerank based clustering of hypertext document collections.
pagerank based clustering	hypertext document collections
An effective method for finding best entry points in semi-structured documents.
semi-structured documents	effective method	entry points
SciSumm 2017: Employing Word Vectors for Identifying, Classifying and Summarizing Scientific Documents.
summarizing scientific documents	employing word vectors
Rhetorical relations for information retrieval.
rhetorical relations	information retrieval
How medical expertise influences web search interaction.
medical expertise influences web search interaction
Search effectiveness with a breadth-first crawl.
search effectiveness
Investigating the querying and browsing behavior of advanced search engine users.
advanced search engine users	browsing behavior
Fast First-Phase Candidate Generation for Cascading Rankers.
fast first-phase candidate generation	cascading rankers
An Unsupervised Approach to Anomaly Detection in Music Datasets.
music datasets	unsupervised approach	anomaly detection
Disambiguating biomedical acronyms using EMIM.
disambiguating biomedical acronyms
Characterizing stages of a multi-session complex search task through direct and indirect query modifications.
multi-session complex search task	indirect query modifications	characterizing stages
An enhanced context-sensitive proximity model for probabilistic information retrieval.
enhanced context-sensitive proximity model	probabilistic information retrieval
Effective music tagging through advanced statistical modeling.
effective music tagging	advanced statistical modeling
Learning to Rank Using Localized Geometric Mean Metrics.
localized geometric
Evaluating the Impact of Snippet Highlighting in Search.
snippet highlighting
Understanding Website Behavior based on User Agent.
understanding website behavior based	user agent
Investigating the relevance of sponsored results for web ecommerce queries.
web ecommerce queries	sponsored results
Privacy-Preserving Important Passage Retrieval.
privacy-preserving important passage retrieval
Task complexity, vertical display and user interaction in aggregated search.
aggregated search	vertical display	user interaction	task complexity
Practice-based Evidence in Medicine: Where Information Retrieval Meets Data Mining.
information retrieval meets data mining	practice-based evidence
An Accurate, Efficient, and Scalable Approach to Channel Matching in Smart TVs.
smart tvs	channel matching	scalable approach
Naver Search: Deep Learning Powered Search Portal for Intelligent Information Provision.
deep learning powered search portal	intelligent information provision	naver search
Torii: Attribute-based Polarity Analysis with Big Datasets.
attribute-based polarity analysis	big datasets
The Class Imbalance Problem in Author Identification.
class imbalance problem	author identification
On the robustness of relevance measures with incomplete judgments.
relevance measures	incomplete judgments
Speeding up Document Ranking with Rank-based Features.
document ranking	rank-based features
Flex-BaseX: an XML engine with a flexible extension of Xquery full-text.
flexible extension	xml engine	xquery full-text
Improving active learning recall via disjunctive boolean constraints.
improving active learning recall	disjunctive boolean constraints
Improving Retrieval Quality Using Pseudo Relevance Feedback in Content-Based Image Retrieval.
improving retrieval quality	content-based image retrieval	pseudo relevance feedback
A Metric for Sentence Ordering Assessment Based on Topic-Comment Structure.
sentence ordering assessment based	topic-comment structure
Social media recommendation based on people and tags.
social media recommendation based
MedIR14: medical information retrieval workshop.
medical information retrieval workshop
Explicit factor models for explainable recommendation based on phrase-level sentiment analysis.
explainable recommendation based	phrase-level sentiment analysis	explicit factor models
Parameterized concept weighting in verbose queries.
parameterized concept weighting	verbose queries
Neural Network based Reinforcement Learning for Real-time Pushing on Text Stream.
neural network based reinforcement learning	text stream	real-time pushing
Want a coffee?: predicting users' trails.
predicting users
Estimating the magic barrier of recommender systems: a user study.
user study	recommender systems	magic barrier
Generalized Mixed Effect Models for Personalizing Job Search.
generalized mixed effect models	personalizing job search
Learning for graphs with annotated edges.
annotated edges
Exploring traversal strategy for web forum crawling.
exploring traversal strategy	web forum crawling
Finding Money in the Haystack: Information Retrieval at Bloomberg.
finding money	information retrieval
Social media and classical music?: a first analysis within the PHENICX project: "performances as highly enriched aNd interactive concert eXperiences".
interactive concert experiences	social media	highly enriched	phenicx project	classical music
Unifying Multi-Source Social Media Data for Personalized Travel Route Planning.
unifying multi-source social media data	personalized travel route planning
Suggesting related topics in web search.
suggesting related topics	web search
Social context summarization.
social context summarization
Polarized User and Topic Tracking in Twitter.
polarized user	topic tracking
Retrieving documents with mathematical content.
retrieving documents	mathematical content
Test Collection for Evaluating Actionable Knowledge Graphs.
evaluating actionable knowledge graphs	test collection
Jointly Modeling Review Content and Aspect Ratings for Review Rating Prediction.
jointly modeling review content	review rating prediction	aspect ratings
Characterizing the value of personalizing search.
personalizing search
Anchoring and Adjustment in Relevance Estimation.
relevance estimation
Fuzzy temporal and spatial reasoning for intelligent information retrieval.
intelligent information retrieval	fuzzy temporal	spatial reasoning
An Entity Class-Dependent Discriminative Mixture Model for Cumulative Citation Recommendation.
entity class-dependent discriminative mixture model	cumulative citation recommendation
An interactive algorithm for asking and incorporating feature feedback into support vector machines.
incorporating feature feedback	support vector machines	interactive algorithm
An unsupervised framework for extracting and normalizing product attributes from multiple web sites.
multiple web sites	normalizing product attributes	unsupervised framework
Comparing both relevance and robustness in selection of web ranking functions.
web ranking functions
IR Evaluation: Designing an End-to-End Offline Evaluation Pipeline.
end-to-end offline evaluation pipeline	ir evaluation
User comments for news recommendation in social media.
news recommendation	user comments	social media
Identifying User Behaviour Between Logged Interactions.
identifying user behaviour	logged interactions
Proximity-aware scoring for XML retrieval.
proximity-aware scoring	xml retrieval
Name entities made obvious: the participation in the ERD 2014 evaluation.
entities made obvious	erd 2014 evaluation
Top-K Influential Nodes in Social Networks: A Game Perspective.
influential nodes	game perspective	social networks
Time-aware structured query suggestion.
time-aware structured query suggestion
Learning to rank only using training data from related domain.
related domain	training data
Increasing Engagement with the Library via Gamification.
increasing engagement
Not All Links Are Created Equal: An Adaptive Embedding Approach for Social Personalized Ranking.
adaptive embedding approach	social personalized ranking	created equal
Leveraging user-generated content for news search.
leveraging user-generated content	news search
Context-based health information retrieval.
context-based health information retrieval
Ranking-oriented nearest-neighbor based method for automatic image annotation.
ranking-oriented nearest-neighbor based method	automatic image annotation
Axiomatic Analysis for Improving the Log-Logistic Feedback Model.
log-logistic feedback model	axiomatic analysis
LONLIES: Estimating Property Values for Long Tail Entities.
estimating property values	long tail entities
AdOn: an intelligent overlay video advertising system.
intelligent overlay video advertising system
Measuring Demonstrated Potential Domain Knowledge with Knowledge Graphs.
measuring demonstrated potential domain knowledge	knowledge graphs
Serendipitous recommendations via innovators.
serendipitous recommendations
Cross-Language Question Re-Ranking.
cross-language question re-ranking
Generalized BROOF-L2R: A General Framework for Learning to Rank Based on Boosting and Random Forests.
general framework	random forests	rank based	generalized broof-l2r
Different Users, Different Opinions: Predicting Search Satisfaction with Mouse Movement Information.
predicting search satisfaction	mouse movement information
Sequential Testing for Early Stopping of Online Experiments.
online experiments	early stopping	sequential testing
Can Deep Effectiveness Metrics Be Evaluated Using Shallow Judgment Pools?
deep effectiveness metrics	shallow judgment pools
Fusion of Heterogeneous Information in Graph-Based Ranking for Query-Biased Summarization.
query-biased summarization	heterogeneous information	graph-based ranking
Early Detection of Topical Expertise in Community Question Answering.
community question answering	topical expertise	early detection
Dynamic Factual Summaries for Entity Cards.
dynamic factual summaries	entity cards
Expertise search in academia using facets.
expertise search
Scalable multi-dimensional user intent identification using tree structured distributions.
scalable multi-dimensional user intent identification	tree structured distributions
Enhancing Information Retrieval with Adapted Word Embedding.
adapted word embedding	enhancing information retrieval
Incorporating popularity in topic models for social network analysis.
social network analysis	incorporating popularity	topic models
Hierarchical Community-Level Information Diffusion Modeling in Social Networks.
hierarchical community-level information diffusion modeling	social networks
Risk-Sensitive Evaluation and Learning to Rank using Multiple Baselines.
risk-sensitive evaluation	multiple baselines
CrowdTerrier: automatic crowdsourced relevance assessments with terrier.
automatic crowdsourced relevance assessments
An Eye-Tracking Study of Query Reformulation.
query reformulation	eye-tracking study
KASANDR: A Large-Scale Dataset with Implicit Feedback for Recommendation.
large-scale dataset	implicit feedback
A co-learning framework for learning user search intents from rule-generated training data.
learning user search intents	rule-generated training data	co-learning framework
Estimation and use of uncertainty in pseudo-relevance feedback.
pseudo-relevance feedback
Ambiguous queries: test collections need more sense.
ambiguous queries	test collections
Entropy-biased models for query representation on the click graph.
entropy-biased models	click graph	query representation
Principles of hash-based text retrieval.
hash-based text retrieval
Sign-Aware Periodicity Metrics of User Engagement for Online Search Quality Evaluation.
online search quality evaluation	sign-aware periodicity metrics	user engagement
Using statistical decision theory and relevance models for query-performance prediction.
statistical decision theory	query-performance prediction	relevance models
The relationship between IR effectiveness measures and user satisfaction.
ir effectiveness measures	user satisfaction
Detecting outlier sections in us congressional legislation.
detecting outlier sections	congressional legislation
Economically-efficient sentiment stream analysis.
economically-efficient sentiment stream analysis
A language modeling approach to entity recognition and disambiguation for search queries.
language modeling approach	search queries	entity recognition
Geographic IR and visualization in time and space.
geographic ir
Optimal meta search results clustering.
optimal meta search results clustering
Cache-conscious performance optimization for similarity search.
cache-conscious performance optimization	similarity search
Learning to select rankers.
select rankers
A Task-oriented Search Engine for Evidence-based Medicine.
task-oriented search engine	evidence-based medicine
Fast context-aware recommendations with factorization machines.
fast context-aware recommendations	factorization machines
Picasso - to sing, you must close your eyes and draw.
close
Effectiveness/efficiency tradeoffs for candidate generation in multi-stage retrieval architectures.
multi-stage retrieval architectures	candidate generation	effectiveness/efficiency tradeoffs
A Cross-Platform Collection for Contextual Suggestion.
contextual suggestion	cross-platform collection
When is query performance prediction effective?
query performance prediction effective
Integrating Domain Knowledge Differences into Modeling User Clicks on Search Result Pages.
integrating domain knowledge differences	search result pages	modeling user clicks
Scalability and Efficiency Challenges in Large-Scale Web Search Engines.
large-scale web search engines	efficiency challenges
A Random Walk Model for Optimization of Search Impact in Web Frontier Ranking.
web frontier ranking	random walk model	search impact
New Collection Announcement: Focused Retrieval Over the Web.
focused retrieval	collection announcement
Time-based calibration of effectiveness measures.
time-based calibration	effectiveness measures
Exploiting CPU SIMD Extensions to Speed-up Document Scoring with Tree Ensembles.
exploiting cpu simd extensions	tree ensembles	document scoring
Improving Retrieval Performance for Verbose Queries via Axiomatic Analysis of Term Discrimination Heuristic.
improving retrieval performance	term discrimination heuristic	axiomatic analysis	verbose queries
Prototype hierarchy based clustering for the categorization and navigation of web collections.
prototype hierarchy based clustering	web collections
Your neighbors affect your ratings: on geographical neighborhood influence to rating prediction.
geographical neighborhood influence	rating prediction	neighbors affect
Incorporating query-specific feedback into learning-to-rank models.
incorporating query-specific feedback	learning-to-rank models
Assessor disagreement and text classifier accuracy.
text classifier accuracy	assessor disagreement
Precision-at-ten considered redundant.
precision-at-ten considered redundant
Predicting trending messages and diffusion participants in microblogging network.
predicting trending messages	microblogging network	diffusion participants
Linking Organizational Social Network Profiles.
linking organizational social network profiles
Query rewriting using active learning for sponsored search.
query rewriting	sponsored search	active learning
Query to Knowledge: Unsupervised Entity Extraction from Shopping Queries using Adaptor Grammars.
unsupervised entity extraction	adaptor grammars	shopping queries
Variational Deep Semantic Hashing for Text Documents.
variational deep semantic hashing	text documents
Structuring the Unstructured: From Startup to Making Sense of eBay's Huge eCommerce Inventory.
huge ecommerce inventory	making sense
AspecTiles: tile-based visualization of diversified web search results.
diversified web search results	tile-based visualization
Using Term Location Information to Enhance Probabilistic Information Retrieval.
enhance probabilistic information retrieval	term location information
Automated Generation of Timestamped Patent Abstracts at Scale to Outsmart Patent-Trolls.
timestamped patent abstracts	outsmart patent-trolls	automated generation
Managing Tail Latencies in Large Scale IR Systems.
large scale ir systems	managing tail latencies
BROOF: Exploiting Out-of-Bag Errors, Boosting and Random Forests for Effective Automated Classification.
effective automated classification	exploiting out-of-bag errors	random forests
Learning-based time-sensitive re-ranking for web search.
learning-based time-sensitive re-ranking	web search
Personalizing information retrieval using task features, topic knowledge, and task product.
personalizing information retrieval	task product	task features	topic knowledge
Towards alias detection without string similarity: an active learning based approach.
active learning based approach	alias detection	string similarity
Knowledge transformation for cross-domain sentiment classification.
cross-domain sentiment classification	knowledge transformation
On Measuring Learning in Search: A Position Paper.
position paper	measuring learning
About the 'Compromised Information Need' and Optimal Interaction as Quality Measure for Search Interfaces.
optimal interaction	quality measure	search interfaces	compromised information
If SIGIR had an Academic Track, What Would Be In It?
academic track
A Poisson Regression Method for Top-N Recommendation.
poisson regression method
Exploring the use of labels to shortcut search trails.
shortcut search trails
Time-Quality Trade-offs in Search.
time-quality trade-offs
Search engines that learn online.
search engines	learn online
User behavior in zero-recall ecommerce queries.
zero-recall ecommerce queries	user behavior
Opinion mining from noisy text data.
noisy text data	opinion mining
Multiclass VisualRank: image ranking method in clustered subsets based on visual features.
image ranking method	clustered subsets based	multiclass visualrank	visual features
A new look at old tricks: the fertile roots of current research.
fertile roots	current research
VideoReach: an online video recommendation system.
online video recommendation system
Detection of abnormal profiles on group attacks in recommender systems.
abnormal profiles	recommender systems	group attacks
Longitudinal Navigation Log Data on a Large Web Domain.
longitudinal navigation log data	large web domain
A Cross-Platform Collection of Social Network Profiles.
social network profiles	cross-platform collection
Search result diversification via data fusion.
search result diversification	data fusion
Beyond classical measures: how to evaluate the effectiveness of interactive information retrieval system?
interactive information retrieval system	classical measures
Enhancing knowledge base with knowledge transfer.
enhancing knowledge base	knowledge transfer
A location-based news article recommendation with explicit localized semantic analysis.
explicit localized semantic analysis	location-based news article recommendation
Affective feedback: an investigation into the role of emotions in the information seeking process.
information seeking process	affective feedback
The LExR Collection for Expertise Retrieval in Academia.
expertise retrieval	lexr collection
Here and there: goals, activities, and predictions about location from geotagged queries.
geotagged queries
UPS: efficient privacy protection in personalized web search.
personalized web search	efficient privacy protection
Estimating advertisability of tail queries for sponsored search.
tail queries	sponsored search	estimating advertisability
Leveraging conceptual lexicon: query disambiguation using proximity information for patent retrieval.
leveraging conceptual lexicon	proximity information	query disambiguation	patent retrieval
What are the real differences of children's and adults' web search.
web search	real differences
Non-greedy active learning for text categorization using convex transductive experimental design.
convex transductive experimental design	non-greedy active learning	text categorization
Evaluating mobile web search performance by taking good abandonment into account.
evaluating mobile web search performance	taking good abandonment
Graz University of Technology at CL-SciSumm 2017: Query Generation Strategies.
query generation strategies	graz university
IRWR: incremental random walk with restart.
incremental random walk
Building enriched document representations using aggregated anchor text.
building enriched document representations	aggregated anchor text
Context-aware query classification.
context-aware query classification
Robust classification of rare queries using web knowledge.
robust classification	rare queries	web knowledge
Supervised hashing with latent factor models.
latent factor models	supervised hashing
Fast nonparametric matrix factorization for large-scale collaborative filtering.
fast nonparametric matrix factorization	large-scale collaborative filtering
Social-network analysis using topic models.
social-network analysis	topic models
Fast exact maximum likelihood estimation for mixture of language models.
fast exact maximum likelihood estimation	language models
Information Retrieval as Card Playing: A Formal Model for Optimizing Interactive Retrieval Interface.
optimizing interactive retrieval interface	information retrieval	card playing	formal model
Sources of evidence for vertical selection.
vertical selection
Distributional Semantics for IR.
distributional semantics
MEmbER: Max-Margin Based Embeddings for Entity Retrieval.
max-margin based embeddings	entity retrieval
Tailoring Music Recommendations to Users by Considering Diversity, Mainstreaminess, and Novelty.
tailoring music recommendations
Bringing Order to the Job Market: Efficient Job Offer Categorization in E-Recruitment.
efficient job offer categorization	job market	bringing order
Mining, Ranking and Recommending Entity Aspects.
recommending entity aspects
Event Early Embedding: Predicting Event Volume Dynamics at Early Stage.
predicting event volume dynamics	event early embedding	early stage
Learning to rank from a noisy crowd.
noisy crowd
Vote calibration in community question-answering systems.
community question-answering systems	vote calibration
Multifaceted toponym recognition for streaming news.
multifaceted toponym recognition	streaming news
Proceedings of the 8th Workshop on Large-Scale Distributed Systems for Information Retrieval, Geneva, Switzerland, July 23, 2010
large-scale distributed systems	8th workshop	information retrieval
Predicting Information Seeking Intentions from Search Behaviors.
predicting information seeking intentions	search behaviors
Learning to rank at query-time using association rules.
association rules
Subspace Clustering Based Tag Sharing for Inductive Tag Matrix Refinement with Complex Errors.
subspace clustering based tag sharing	inductive tag matrix refinement	complex errors
Large-scale Image Retrieval using Neural Net Descriptors.
large-scale image retrieval	neural net descriptors
Retrieval of Relevant Opinion Sentences for New Products.
relevant opinion sentences
ReviewMiner: An Aspect-based Review Analytics System.
aspect-based review analytics system
Towards automatic extraction of event and place semantics from flickr tags.
place semantics	flickr tags	automatic extraction
The effects of choice in routing relevance judgments.
routing relevance judgments
The search for expertise: to the documents and beyond.
search
Live nuggets extractor: a semi-automated system for text extraction and test collection creation.
live nuggets extractor	test collection creation	semi-automated system	text extraction
Predicting searcher frustration.
predicting searcher frustration
Machine learning for information retrieval.
information retrieval	machine learning
A study of learning a merge model for multilingual information retrieval.
multilingual information retrieval	merge model
Dependency trigram model for social relation extraction from news articles.
social relation extraction	dependency trigram model	news articles
Inferring and using location metadata to personalize web search.
personalize web search	location metadata
What queries are likely to recur in web search?
web search
On the Effectiveness of Contextualisation Techniques in Spoken Query Spoken Content Retrieval.
spoken query spoken content retrieval	contextualisation techniques
Transforming patents into prior-art queries.
transforming patents	prior-art queries
A picture is worth a thousand search results: finding child-oriented multimedia results with collAge.
finding child-oriented multimedia results	thousand search results
Efficient document retrieval in main memory.
efficient document retrieval	main memory
Query term ranking based on dependency parsing of verbose queries.
query term ranking based	dependency parsing	verbose queries
Recommending ephemeral items at web scale.
recommending ephemeral items	web scale
Leveraging user interaction and collaboration for improving multilingual information access in digital libraries.
improving multilingual information access	leveraging user interaction	digital libraries
Semi-supervised spam filtering: does it work?
semi-supervised spam filtering
Reliable information retrieval evaluation with incomplete and biased judgements.
reliable information retrieval evaluation	biased judgements
A boosting approach to improving pseudo-relevance feedback.
improving pseudo-relevance feedback	boosting approach
Multiple-signal duplicate detection for search evaluation.
multiple-signal duplicate detection	search evaluation
Stacking Bagged and Boosted Forests for Effective Automated Classification.
effective automated classification	stacking bagged	boosted forests
Towards effective short text deep classification.
effective short text deep classification
A full-text retrieval toolkit for mobile desktop search.
mobile desktop search	full-text retrieval toolkit
Users' stopping behaviors and estimates of recall.
stopping behaviors
Differences in the Use of Search Assistance for Tasks of Varying Complexity.
varying complexity	search assistance
Delighting Chinese users: the Google China experience.
google china experience	delighting chinese users
WeChat Search & Headline: Sogou Joins Force with Tencent on Mobile Search.
sogou joins force	wechat search & headline	mobile search
A Comparison of Cache Blocking Methods for Fast Execution of Ensemble-based Score Computation.
cache blocking methods	ensemble-based score computation	fast execution
The role of current working context in professional search.
current working context	professional search
Cognitive Activity during Web Search.
cognitive activity	web search
Time-Aware Authorship Attribution for Short Text Streams.
short text streams	time-aware authorship attribution
Novelty detection across different source types and languages.
source types	novelty detection
K-means and Hierarchical Clustering Method to Improve our Understanding of Citation Contexts.
hierarchical clustering method	citation contexts
Learning user reformulation behavior for query auto-completion.
learning user reformulation behavior	query auto-completion
A bipartite graph based social network splicing method for person name disambiguation.
bipartite graph based social network splicing method
Where to start reading a textual XML document?
textual xml document	start reading
Crosslingual location search.
crosslingual location search
Award prediction with temporal citation network analysis.
temporal citation network analysis	award prediction
User Interaction in Mobile Web Search.
mobile web search	user interaction
Intent-Aware Semantic Query Annotation.
intent-aware semantic query annotation
Cohort modeling for enhanced personalized search.
enhanced personalized search	cohort modeling
Learning to Rank Short Text Pairs with Convolutional Deep Neural Networks.
convolutional deep neural networks	rank short text pairs
Probabilistic Topic Models for Text Data Retrieval and Analysis.
text data retrieval	probabilistic topic models
ScentBar: A Query Suggestion Interface Visualizing the Amount of Missed Relevant Information for Intrinsically Diverse Search.
query suggestion interface visualizing	missed relevant information	intrinsically diverse search
Diversity by proportionality: an election-based approach to search result diversification.
search result diversification	election-based approach
Representative & Informative Query Selection for Learning to Rank using Submodular Functions.
representative & informative query selection	submodular functions
Proceedings of the 39th International ACM SIGIR conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, SIGIR 2016, Pisa, Italy, July 17-21, 2016
39th international acm sigir conference	information retrieval	july 17-21
Fresh BrowseRank.
fresh browserank
Efficiently identify local frequent keyword co-occurrence patterns in geo-tagged Twitter stream.
efficiently identify local frequent keyword co-occurrence patterns	geo-tagged twitter stream
A generalized hidden Markov model with discriminative training for query spelling correction.
generalized hidden markov model	query spelling correction	discriminative training
Multi-Faceted Recall of Continuous Active Learning for Technology-Assisted Review.
continuous active learning	multi-faceted recall	technology-assisted review
Mining adjacent markets from a large-scale ads video collection for image advertising.
large-scale ads video collection	mining adjacent markets	image advertising
Query Term Expansion by Automatic Learning of Morphological Equivalence Patterns from Wikipedia.
morphological equivalence patterns	query term expansion	automatic learning
Strategies for retrieving plagiarized documents.
retrieving plagiarized documents
A large-scale study of the effect of training set characteristics over learning-to-rank algorithms.
training set characteristics	learning-to-rank algorithms	large-scale study
Layout and Semantics: Combining Representations for Mathematical Formula Search.
mathematical formula search	combining representations
Dynamicity vs. effectiveness: studying online clustering for scatter/gather.
studying online clustering
Clustering search results for mobile terminals.
clustering search results	mobile terminals
"Is Sven Seven?": A Search Intent Module for Children.
search intent module
Problems with Kendall's tau.
kendall
Exploring example-based person search in email.
exploring example-based person search
WenZher: comprehensive vertical search for healthcare domain.
comprehensive vertical search	healthcare domain
A Study of Information Seeking Behavior Using Physical and Online Explorations.
information seeking behavior	online explorations
An outranking approach for rank aggregation in information retrieval.
rank aggregation	outranking approach	information retrieval
Statistical Significance Testing in Information Retrieval: Theory and Practice.
statistical significance testing	information retrieval
Opinion Spammer Detection in Web Forum.
opinion spammer detection	web forum
A Large-Scale Query Spelling Correction Corpus.
large-scale query spelling correction corpus
Word Embedding based Generalized Language Model for Information Retrieval.
word embedding based generalized language model	information retrieval
Using Key Concepts in a Translation Model for Retrieval.
translation model	key concepts
Cognitive coordinating behaviors in multitasking web search.
cognitive coordinating behaviors	multitasking web search
Just-for-me: an adaptive personalization system for location-aware social music recommendation.
location-aware social music recommendation	adaptive personalization system
ArabicWeb16: A New Crawl for Today's Arabic Web.
arabic web
Finding Intermediary Topics Between People of Opposing Views: A Case Study.
finding intermediary topics	case study	opposing views
On the Use of an Intermediate Class in Boolean Crowdsourced Relevance Annotations for Learning to Rank Comments.
boolean crowdsourced relevance annotations	intermediate class	rank comments
Training Relation Embeddings under Logical Constraints.
training relation embeddings	logical constraints
Document Retrieval Using Entity-Based Language Models.
entity-based language models	document retrieval
Relevance thresholds in system evaluations.
system evaluations	relevance thresholds
Know your neighbors: web spam detection using the web topology.
web spam detection	web topology
Deep versus shallow judgments in learning to rank.
deep versus shallow judgments
Learning relevance from heterogeneous social network and its application in online targeting.
heterogeneous social network	online targeting	learning relevance
Exploiting proximity feature in bigram language model for information retrieval.
exploiting proximity feature	bigram language model	information retrieval
An unsupervised topic segmentation model incorporating word order.
unsupervised topic segmentation model incorporating word order
Estimation of statistical translation models based on mutual information for ad hoc information retrieval.
statistical translation models based	ad hoc information retrieval	mutual information
Predicting query performance on the web.
predicting query performance
Retrieval and feedback models for blog feed search.
blog feed search	feedback models
Entity sentiment extraction using text ranking.
entity sentiment extraction	text ranking
Reusable test collections through experimental design.
reusable test collections	experimental design
Predicting User Satisfaction with Intelligent Assistants.
predicting user satisfaction	intelligent assistants
Random walk term weighting for information retrieval.
random walk term weighting	information retrieval
Examining Information on Social Media: Topic Modelling, Trend Prediction and Community Classification.
social media	trend prediction	topic modelling	community classification	examining information
A flexible extension of XPath to improve XML querying.
improve xml querying	flexible extension
Parsimonious concept modeling.
parsimonious concept modeling
Modeling concept dynamics for large scale music search.
large scale music search	modeling concept dynamics
A comparison of sentence retrieval techniques.
sentence retrieval techniques
Graph Summarization for Entity Relatedness Visualization.
entity relatedness visualization	graph summarization
Novelty and diversity enhancement and evaluation in recommender systems and information retrieval.
recommender systems	diversity enhancement	information retrieval
Evaluation over thousands of queries.
thousands
Evaluating Web Search with a Bejeweled Player Model.
bejeweled player model	evaluating web search
Revisiting the dependence language model for information retrieval.
dependence language model	information retrieval
AdImage: video advertising by image matching and ad scheduling optimization.
ad scheduling optimization	image matching	video advertising
Making Ads More Relevant Innovations in Digital Advertising.
making ads	digital advertising	relevant innovations
A search based approach to entity recognition: magnetic and IISAS team at ERD challenge.
search based approach	erd challenge	entity recognition	iisas team
Tag-based object similarity computation using term space dimension reduction.
term space dimension reduction	tag-based object similarity computation
A semantic approach to contextual advertising.
semantic approach	contextual advertising
Evaluating aggregated search pages.
evaluating aggregated search pages
User Behavior in Asynchronous Slow Search.
asynchronous slow search	user behavior
Search Result Prefetching Using Cursor Movement.
search result prefetching	cursor movement
A comparison of retrieval-based hierarchical clustering approaches to person name disambiguation.
retrieval-based hierarchical clustering approaches
The neofonie NERD system at the ERD challenge 2014.
neofonie nerd system	erd challenge 2014
Build Emotion Lexicon from the Mood of Crowd via Topic-Assisted Joint Non-negative Matrix Factorization.
topic-assisted joint non-negative matrix factorization	build emotion lexicon
The impact of collection size on relevance and diversity.
collection size
Spoken information retrieval for turkish broadcast news.
spoken information retrieval	turkish broadcast news
Computational Creativity Based Video Recommendation.
computational creativity based video recommendation
When Watson Went to Work: Leveraging Cognitive Computing in the Real World.
leveraging cognitive computing	real world
Anticipatory search: using context to initiate search.
anticipatory search	initiate search
Uncovering deep user context from blogs.
uncovering deep user context
Bagging gradient-boosted trees for high precision, low variance ranking models.
low variance ranking models	bagging gradient-boosted trees	high precision
Compressed permuterm index.
compressed permuterm index
A User-Centered Experiment and Logging Framework for Interactive Information Retrieval.
interactive information retrieval	logging framework	user-centered experiment
Query by document via a decomposition-based two-level retrieval approach.
decomposition-based two-level retrieval approach
Mixture model with multiple centralized retrieval algorithms for result merging in federated search.
multiple centralized retrieval algorithms	result merging	federated search	mixture model
Cross-corpus relevance projection.
cross-corpus relevance projection
Identifying Careless Workers in Crowdsourcing Platforms: A Game Theory Approach.
identifying careless workers	game theory approach	crowdsourcing platforms
Talking the talk vs. walking the walk: salience of information needs in querying vs. browsing.
information
Understanding re-finding behavior in naturalistic email interaction logs.
naturalistic email interaction logs	understanding re-finding behavior
Question classification with semantic tree kernel.
semantic tree kernel	question classification
The data revolution: how companies are transforming with big data.
big data	data revolution
Query performance prediction for entity retrieval.
query performance prediction	entity retrieval
When Relevance Judgement is Happening?: An EEG-based Study.
eeg-based study	relevance judgement
Topic based language models for OCR correction.
topic based language models	ocr correction
SIGIR 2015 Workshop on Reproducibility, Inexplicability, and Generalizability of Results (RIGOR).
sigir 2015 workshop
Score adjustment for correction of pooling bias.
pooling bias	score adjustment
An unsupervised Hindi stemmer with heuristic improvements.
unsupervised hindi stemmer	heuristic improvements
Learning features through feedback for blog distillation.
learning features	blog distillation
Understanding and using contextual information in recommender systems.
contextual information	recommender systems
Combining error-correcting output codes and model-refinement for text categorization.
combining error-correcting output codes	text categorization
Benchmarking the Privacy-Preserving People Search.
privacy-preserving people search
Beliefs and biases in web search.
web search
Summarizing Contrastive Themes via Hierarchical Non-Parametric Processes.
summarizing contrastive themes	hierarchical non-parametric processes
What Are You Known For?: Learning User Topical Profiles with Implicit and Explicit Footprints.
learning user topical profiles	explicit footprints
Detecting quilted web pages at scale.
detecting quilted web pages
(Big) usage data in web search.
web search	usage data
Query-sensitive mutual reinforcement chain and its application in query-oriented multi-document summarization.
query-sensitive mutual reinforcement chain	query-oriented multi-document summarization
Composite hashing with multiple information sources.
multiple information sources	composite hashing
A new interpretation of average precision.
average precision
Statistical Significance, Power, and Sample Sizes: A Systematic Review of SIGIR and TOIS, 2006-2015.
systematic review	sample sizes	statistical significance
Scaling Out All Pairs Similarity Search with MapReduce.
pairs similarity search
Estimating topical context by diverging from external resources.
estimating topical context	external resources
A general account of effectiveness metrics for information tasks: retrieval, filtering, and clustering.
general account	effectiveness metrics	information tasks
Multiple Social Network Learning and Its Application in Volunteerism Tendency Prediction.
multiple social network learning	volunteerism tendency prediction
The influence of basic tokenization on biomedical document retrieval.
biomedical document retrieval	basic tokenization
Not So Unique in the Crowd: a Simple and Effective Algorithm for Anonymizing Location Data.
anonymizing location data	effective algorithm
Leveraging Cold-Start Knowledge Base Population for Information Access.
leveraging cold-start knowledge base population	information access
An Initial Investigation into Fixed and Adaptive Stopping Strategies.
adaptive stopping strategies	initial investigation
Improving text classification for oral history archives with temporal domain knowledge.
oral history archives	improving text classification	temporal domain knowledge
Query change as relevance feedback in session search.
query change	relevance feedback	session search
Web retrieval: the role of users.
web retrieval
Assessor Differences and User Preferences in Tweet Timeline Generation.
tweet timeline generation	user preferences	assessor differences
Personalized social query expansion using social bookmarking systems.
personalized social query expansion	social bookmarking systems
Who is the barbecue king of texas?: a geo-spatial approach to finding local experts on twitter.
finding local experts	geo-spatial approach	barbecue king
Modularity-Based Query Clustering for Identifying Users Sharing a Common Condition.
identifying users sharing	modularity-based query clustering	common condition
Bag-of-visual-words vs global image descriptors on two-stage multimodal retrieval.
global image descriptors	two-stage multimodal retrieval
Social tag prediction.
social tag prediction
Sentiment analysis of user comments for one-class collaborative filtering over ted talks.
one-class collaborative filtering	sentiment analysis	ted talks	user comments
Multi-Rate Deep Learning for Temporal Recommendation.
multi-rate deep learning	temporal recommendation
On the relative age of spam and ham training samples for email filtering.
ham training samples	email filtering	relative age
Document Comprehensiveness and User Preferences in Novelty Search Tasks.
novelty search tasks	document comprehensiveness	user preferences
Health Monitoring on Social Media over Time.
social media	health monitoring
Parallelizing ListNet training using spark.
parallelizing listnet training
Studying page life patterns in dynamical web.
studying page life patterns	dynamical web
Combining learn-based and lexicon-based techniques for sentiment detection without using labeled examples.
sentiment detection	labeled examples	combining learn-based	lexicon-based techniques
Query suggestion based on user landing pages.
user landing pages	query suggestion based
Document layout and color driven image retrieval.
color driven image retrieval	document layout
A query and patient understanding framework for medical records search.
medical records search	patient understanding framework
Smart Media Generation System for Broadcasting Contents.
smart media generation system	broadcasting contents
A weakly-supervised detection of entity central documents in a stream.
entity central documents	weakly-supervised detection
User-centric multi-criteria information retrieval.
user-centric multi-criteria information retrieval
What emotions do news articles trigger in their readers?
news articles trigger
Luandri: A Clean Lua Interface to the Indri Search Engine.
indri search engine	clean lua interface
Axiomatic analysis and optimization of information retrieval models.
information retrieval models	axiomatic analysis
Parametric and Non-parametric User-aware Sentiment Topic Models.
non-parametric user-aware sentiment topic models
Learning When Searching for Web Data.
web data
Timestamp-based result cache invalidation for web search engines.
timestamp-based result cache invalidation	web search engines
Finding similar experts.
finding similar experts
How Random Decisions Affect Selective Distributed Search.
random decisions affect selective distributed search
Boosting static pruning of inverted files.
boosting static pruning	inverted files
Challenges and Opportunities in Online Evaluation of Search Engines.
online evaluation	search engines
Incorporating Non-sequential Behavior into Click Models.
incorporating non-sequential behavior	click models
AdaRank: a boosting algorithm for information retrieval.
boosting algorithm	information retrieval
Blog snippets: a comments-biased approach.
comments-biased approach	blog snippets
A Little Competition Never Hurt Anyone's Relevance Assessments.
relevance assessments
Are Cited References Meaningful? Measuring Semantic Relatedness in Citation Analysis.
cited references meaningful	measuring semantic relatedness	citation analysis
Towards Understanding the Impact of Length in Web Search Result Summaries over a Speech-only Communication Channel.
web search result summaries	communication channel
SCENE: a scalable two-stage personalized news recommendation system.
scalable two-stage personalized news recommendation system
Predicting Search Intent Based on Pre-Search Context.
predicting search intent based	pre-search context
Hierarchical naive bayes models for representing user profiles.
hierarchical naive bayes models	representing user profiles
Do user preferences and evaluation measures line up?
evaluation measures line	user preferences
Query side evaluation: an empirical analysis of effectiveness and effort.
query side evaluation	empirical analysis
Matching resumes and jobs based on relevance models.
matching resumes	jobs based	relevance models
Personalization of search results using interaction behaviors in search sessions.
search results	search sessions	interaction behaviors
Exploiting Food Choice Biases for Healthier Recipe Recommendation.
exploiting food choice biases	healthier recipe recommendation
Visualizing and querying semantic social networks.
querying semantic social networks
Reactive index replication for distributed search engines.
reactive index replication	distributed search engines
Leveraging knowledge across media for spammer detection in microblogging.
leveraging knowledge	spammer detection
High precision opinion retrieval using sentiment-relevance flows.
high precision opinion retrieval	sentiment-relevance flows
Aggregated search interface preferences in multi-session search tasks.
aggregated search interface preferences	multi-session search tasks
An Enhanced Approach to Query Performance Prediction Using Reference Lists.
query performance prediction	reference lists	enhanced approach
A study of query length.
query length
Task-aware search personalization.
task-aware search personalization
What can pictures tell us about web pages?: improving document search using images.
improving document search	web pages
Exploiting hybrid contexts for Tweet segmentation.
exploiting hybrid contexts	tweet segmentation
Why Assessing Relevance in Medical IR is Demanding.
assessing relevance	medical ir
Index maintenance for time-travel text search.
time-travel text search	index maintenance
Improving offline and online web search evaluation by modelling the user behaviour.
online web search evaluation	improving offline	user behaviour
Active learning for class imbalance problem.
class imbalance problem	active learning
DeepStyle: Learning User Preferences for Visual Recommendation.
learning user preferences	visual recommendation
Advances on the development of evaluation measures.
evaluation measures
A joint probabilistic classification model for resource selection.
joint probabilistic classification model	resource selection
Towards task-based personal information management evaluations.
task-based personal information management evaluations
Identifying similar people in professional social networks with discriminative probabilistic models.
professional social networks	identifying similar people	discriminative probabilistic models
Personalized ranking model adaptation for web search.
personalized ranking model adaptation	web search
ThingSeek: A Crawler and Search Engine for the Internet of Things.
search engine
Some thoughts on failure analysis for noisy data.
noisy data	failure analysis
VisualSum: an interactive multi-document summarizationsystem using visualization.
interactive multi-document summarizationsystem
Search from Personal to Social Context: Progress and Challenges.
social context
Metrics for assessing sets of subtopics.
assessing sets
Crowdsourcing for book search evaluation: impact of hit design on comparative system ranking.
comparative system ranking	book search evaluation	hit design
Deconstructing nuggets: the stability and reliability of complex question answering evaluation.
complex question answering evaluation	deconstructing nuggets
A collective topic model for milestone paper discovery.
collective topic model	milestone paper discovery
Ranking document clusters using markov random fields.
ranking document clusters	markov random fields
Unsupervised Query-Focused Multi-Document Summarization using the Cross Entropy Method.
unsupervised query-focused multi-document summarization	cross entropy method
Scheduling queries across replicas.
scheduling queries
Advanced Click Models and their Applications to IR: SIGIR 2015 Tutorial.
advanced click models	sigir 2015 tutorial
DINFRA: A One Stop Shop for Computing Multilingual Semantic Relatedness.
computing multilingual semantic relatedness	stop shop
Noise and information.
information
Locating relevant text within XML documents.
locating relevant text	xml documents
Towards context-aware search with right click.
context-aware search
Human performance and retrieval precision revisited.
retrieval precision revisited	human performance
Theoretical bounds on and empirical robustness of score regularization to different similarity measures.
score regularization	similarity measures	empirical robustness	theoretical bounds
Semantic tag recommendation using concept model.
semantic tag recommendation	concept model
Using PageRank to infer user preferences.
infer user preferences
An optimization framework for entity recognition and disambiguation.
optimization framework	entity recognition
Studying the use of popular destinations to enhance web search interaction.
enhance web search interaction	popular destinations
Strategic system comparisons via targeted relevance judgments.
targeted relevance judgments	strategic system comparisons
Necessary and frequent terms in queries.
frequent terms
Sampling Strategies and Active Learning for Volume Estimation.
sampling strategies	volume estimation	active learning
Repeatable and reliable search system evaluation using crowdsourcing.
reliable search system evaluation
A bayesian learning approach to promoting diversity in ranking for biomedical information retrieval.
bayesian learning approach	biomedical information retrieval	promoting diversity
Designing search usability.
designing search usability
Cluster-based query expansion.
cluster-based query expansion
Exploration of the tradeoff between effectiveness and efficiency for results merging in federated search.
results merging	federated search
Searching blogs and news: a study on popular queries.
searching blogs	popular queries
Deep Character-Level Click-Through Rate Prediction for Sponsored Search.
deep character-level click-	sponsored search	rate prediction
Utilizing marginal net utility for recommendation in e-commerce.
utilizing marginal net utility
Creating temporally dynamic web search snippets.
creating temporally dynamic web search snippets
Location and timeliness of information sources during news events.
news events	information sources
Influential nodes selection: a data reconstruction perspective.
influential nodes selection	data reconstruction perspective
Semanticizing search engine queries: the University of Amsterdam at the ERD 2014 challenge.
semanticizing search engine queries	erd 2014 challenge
On the suitability of diversity metrics for learning-to-rank for diversity.
diversity metrics
TSCAN: a novel method for topic summarization and content anatomy.
content anatomy	topic summarization
Modelling of terms across scripts through autoencoders.
autoencoders
Gibberish, Assistant, or Master?: Using Tweets Linking to News for Extractive Single-Document Summarization.
extractive single-document summarization	tweets linking
Identifying time zones in a large dataset of music listening logs.
identifying time zones	music listening logs	large dataset
Annotation of URLs: more than the sum of parts.
sum
Ranking explanatory sentences for opinion summarization.
ranking explanatory sentences	opinion summarization
SimFusion+: extending simfusion towards efficient estimation on large and dynamic networks.
dynamic networks	efficient estimation	extending simfusion
Dynamically Integrating Item Exposure with Rating Prediction in Collaborative Filtering.
dynamically integrating item exposure	rating prediction	collaborative filtering
Information-behaviour modeling with external cues.
external cues	information-behaviour modeling
The impact of intent selection on diversified search evaluation.
diversified search evaluation	intent selection
Cobwebs from the Past and Present: Extracting Large Social Networks using Internet Archive Data.
extracting large social networks	internet archive data
Mining weakly labeled web facial images for search-based face annotation.
mining weakly labeled web facial images	search-based face annotation
Do "Future Work" sections have a purpose? Citation links and entailment for global scientometric questions.
global scientometric questions	citation links	future work
Leveraging Contextual Sentence Relations for Extractive Summarization Using a Neural Attention Model.
leveraging contextual sentence relations	neural attention model	extractive summarization
Injecting user models and time into precision via Markov chains.
injecting user models	markov chains
Novelty and diversity in information retrieval evaluation.
information retrieval evaluation
On automatically tagging web documents from examples.
automatically tagging web documents
Optimizing top-n collaborative filtering via dynamic negative item sampling.
dynamic negative item sampling	optimizing top-	collaborative filtering
Document classification by topic labeling.
document classification	topic labeling
How well does result relevance predict session satisfaction?
result relevance predict session satisfaction
Summaries, ranked retrieval and sessions: a unified framework for information access evaluation.
information access evaluation	ranked retrieval	unified framework
Heads and tails: studies of web search with common and rare queries.
web search	rare queries
Privacy-Preserving IR 2015: When Information Retrieval Meets Privacy and Security.
information retrieval meets privacy	privacy-preserving ir 2015
Babel: a machine transliteration workbench.
machine transliteration workbench
Retrieval evaluation on focused tasks.
focused tasks	retrieval evaluation
Effects of expertise differences in synchronous social Q&A.
synchronous social	expertise differences
Cost-Aware Result Caching for Meta-Search Engines.
cost-aware result caching	meta-search engines
Searcher in a Strange Land: Understanding Web Search from Familiar and Unfamiliar Locations.
understanding web search	unfamiliar locations	strange land
Watson: the Jeopardy! challenge and beyond.
challenge
Extending test collection pools without manual runs.
extending test collection pools	manual runs
Many are better than one: improving multi-document summarization via weighted consensus.
improving multi-document summarization	weighted consensus
Workshop on benchmarking adaptive retrieval and recommender systems: BARS 2013.
benchmarking adaptive retrieval	recommender systems
Learning to Rank Personalized Search Results in Professional Networks.
rank personalized search results	professional networks
Fine-grained named entity recognition and relation extraction for question answering.
fine-grained named entity recognition	question answering	relation extraction
Finding readings for scientists from social websites.
social websites	finding readings
Sig-SR: SimRank search over singular graphs.
singular graphs	simrank search
A stack decoder approach to approximate string matching.
stack decoder approach	approximate string matching
Web retrieval: the role of users.
web retrieval
SIGIR 2014 workshop on gathering efficient assessments of relevance (GEAR).
gathering efficient assessments	sigir 2014 workshop
Enhancing patent retrieval by citation analysis.
enhancing patent retrieval	citation analysis
Timeline generation with social attention.
timeline generation	social attention
Time-sensitive query auto-completion.
time-sensitive query auto-completion
On the existence of obstinate results in vector space models.
vector space models	obstinate results
IR paradigms in computational advertising.
computational advertising	ir paradigms
Where to stop reading a ranked list?: threshold optimization using truncated score distributions.
truncated score distributions	stop reading	ranked list	threshold optimization
Listwise Collaborative Filtering.
listwise collaborative filtering
PAAP: prefetch-aware admission policies for query results cache in web search engines.
web search engines	prefetch-aware admission policies	query results cache
MQX: multi-query engine for compressed XML data.
compressed xml data	multi-query engine
Text categorization for streams.
text categorization
A study of methods for negative relevance feedback.
negative relevance feedback
Social networks and discovery in the enterprise (SaND).
social networks
Linking transcribed conversational speech.
linking transcribed conversational speech
Efficient query recommendations in the long tail via center-piece subgraphs.
efficient query recommendations	center-piece subgraphs	long tail
LoSHa: A General Framework for Scalable Locality Sensitive Hashing.
scalable locality sensitive hashing	general framework
Self reinforcement for important passage retrieval.
important passage retrieval
Personal vs non-personal blogs: initial classification experiments.
initial classification experiments	non-personal blogs
Structured retrieval for question answering.
structured retrieval	question answering
Processing spatial keyword query as a top-k aggregation query.
processing spatial keyword query	aggregation query
University of Mannheim @ CLSciSumm-17: Citation-Based Summarization of Scientific Articles Using Semantic Textual Similarity.
semantic textual similarity	mannheim @ clscisumm-17	citation-based summarization	scientific articles
Composition of TF normalizations: new insights on scoring functions for ad hoc IR.
ad hoc ir	scoring functions	tf normalizations
User Variability and IR System Evaluation.
ir system evaluation	user variability
The Impact of Linkage Methods in Hierarchical Clustering for Active Learning to Rank.
linkage methods	hierarchical clustering	active learning
CompositeMap: a novel framework for music similarity measure.
music similarity measure
Modeling Website Topic Cohesion at Scale to Improve Webpage Classification.
modeling website topic cohesion	improve webpage classification
Personalized Key Frame Recommendation.
personalized key frame recommendation
The knowing camera 2: recognizing and annotating places-of-interest in smartphone photos.
knowing camera 2	annotating places-of-interest	smartphone photos
Regularised Cross-Modal Hashing.
regularised cross-modal hashing
Finding knowledgeable groups in enterprise corpora.
finding knowledgeable groups	enterprise corpora
Search and browse log mining for web information retrieval: challenges, methods, and applications.
web information retrieval	browse log mining
Reachability based Ranking in Interactive Image Retrieval.
reachability based ranking	interactive image retrieval
Cross-language context-aware citation recommendation in scientific articles.
cross-language context-aware citation recommendation	scientific articles
Investigating users' query formulations for cognitive search intents.
cognitive search intents	query formulations	investigating users
Improving Contextual Suggestions using Open Web Domain Knowledge.
open web domain knowledge	improving contextual suggestions
Shame to be sham: addressing content-based grey hat search engine optimization.
addressing content-based grey hat search engine optimization
Automatic query-time generation of retrieval expert coefficients for multimedia retrieval.
automatic query-time generation	retrieval expert coefficients	multimedia retrieval
Analysing Temporal Evolution of Interlingual Wikipedia Article Pairs.
interlingual wikipedia article pairs	analysing temporal evolution
Interactions between health searchers and search engines.
search engines	health searchers
CitySearcher: A City Search Engine For Interests.
city search engine
Extracting Information Seeking Intentions for Web Search Sessions.
extracting information seeking intentions	web search sessions
A semi-supervised approach to modeling web search satisfaction.
modeling web search satisfaction	semi-supervised approach
Web page retrieval in ubiquitous sensor environments.
web page retrieval	ubiquitous sensor environments
Cluster-based one-class ensemble for classification problems in information retrieval.
cluster-based one-class ensemble	classification problems	information retrieval
Inferring missing relevance judgments from crowd workers via probabilistic matrix factorization.
inferring missing relevance judgments	probabilistic matrix factorization	crowd workers
Selecting hierarchical clustering cut points for web person-name disambiguation.
selecting hierarchical clustering cut points	web person-
What makes data robust: a data analysis in learning to rank.
makes data robust	data analysis
Principles for the Design of Online A/B Metrics.
metrics
ICE: Item Concept Embedding via Textual Information.
item concept embedding	textual information
Reducing Hubness: A Cause of Vulnerability in Recommender Systems.
reducing hubness	recommender systems
Seeking Serendipity: A Living Lab Approach to Understanding Creative Retrieval in Broadcast Media Production.
broadcast media production	living lab approach	understanding creative retrieval	seeking serendipity
Neural Ranking Models with Weak Supervision.
neural ranking models	weak supervision
Bayesian Ranker Comparison Based on Historical User Interactions.
bayesian ranker comparison based	historical user interactions
Social annotations: utility and prediction modeling.
prediction modeling	social annotations
Context transfer in search advertising.
search advertising	context transfer
SIGIR 2007: Proceedings of the 30th Annual International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, Amsterdam, The Netherlands, July 23-27, 2007
30th annual international acm sigir conference	july 23-27	information retrieval
Estimating probabilities for effective data fusion.
effective data fusion	estimating probabilities
Personalized diversification of search results.
search results	personalized diversification
Diversifying product search results.
diversifying product search results
SUSHI: scoring scaled samples for server selection.
scoring scaled samples	server selection
A Head-Weighted Gap-Sensitive Correlation Coefficient.
head-weighted gap-sensitive correlation coefficient
ERD'14: entity recognition and disambiguation challenge.
entity recognition	disambiguation challenge
Old dogs are great at new tricks: column stores for ir prototyping.
ir prototyping	column stores
Personalized Semantic Ranking for Collaborative Recommendation.
personalized semantic ranking	collaborative recommendation
Evaluating Retrieval over Sessions: The TREC Session Track 2011-2014.
trec session track 2011-2014	evaluating retrieval
Term feedback for information retrieval with language models.
term feedback	language models	information retrieval
ERICA: Expert Guidance in Validating Crowd Answers.
validating crowd answers	expert guidance
Using flickr geotags to predict user travel behaviour.
predict user travel behaviour	flickr geotags
SPS'15: 2015 International Workshop on Social Personalization & Search.
social personalization & search	2015 international workshop
A method for transferring retrieval scores between collections with non-overlapping vocabularies.
transferring retrieval scores	non-overlapping vocabularies
Multiple approaches to analysing query diversity.
analysing query diversity	multiple approaches
Ranking model selection and fusion for effective microblog search.
effective microblog search	ranking model selection
Temporal click model for sponsored search.
temporal click model	sponsored search
Using eye-tracking with dynamic areas of interest for analyzing interactive information retrieval.
analyzing interactive information retrieval	dynamic areas
Learning to rank using query-level regression.
query-level regression
Salton Award Lecture: People, Interacting with Information.
salton award lecture
A data-parallel toolkit for information retrieval.
information retrieval	data-parallel toolkit
DiscoverInfo: a tool for discovering information with relevance and novelty.
discovering information
Finding interesting posts in Twitter based on retweet graph analysis.
retweet graph analysis	finding interesting posts	twitter based
Continuous word embeddings for detecting local text reuses at the semantic level.
detecting local text reuses	continuous word embeddings	semantic level
Deep Collaborative Filtering Approaches for Context-Aware Venue Recommendation.
deep collaborative filtering approaches	context-aware venue recommendation
Refined experts: improving classification in large taxonomies.
large taxonomies	refined experts	improving classification
HIA 2016: The 2nd International Workshop on Heterogeneous Information Access at SIGIR 2016.
2nd international workshop	heterogeneous information access
Topic structure for information retrieval.
topic structure	information retrieval
Automatically identifying localizable queries.
automatically identifying localizable queries
Sopra: a new social personalized ranking function for improving web search.
social personalized ranking function	improving web search
Learning to suggest: a machine learning framework for ranking query suggestions.
ranking query suggestions	machine learning framework
An analysis of peer-to-peer file-sharing system queries.
peer-to-peer file-sharing system queries
Out of sight, not out of mind: on the effect of social and physical detachment on information need.
physical detachment
Selecting good expansion terms for pseudo-relevance feedback.
selecting good expansion terms	pseudo-relevance feedback
Incorporating post-click behaviors into a click model.
incorporating post-click behaviors	click model
Optimizing positional index structures for versioned document collections.
optimizing positional index structures	versioned document collections
Deep Semantic Hashing with Generative Adversarial Networks.
generative adversarial networks	deep semantic hashing
BReK12: a book recommender for K-12 users.
book recommender	k-12 users
WebSAIL wikifier at ERD 2014.
websail wikifier
Evaluating multi-query sessions.
evaluating multi-query sessions
Search Without a Query: Powering Job Recommendations via Search Index at LinkedIn.
powering job recommendations
Exploiting endorsement information and social influence for item recommendation.
exploiting endorsement information	item recommendation	social influence
Toward self-correcting search engines: using underperforming queries to improve search.
self-correcting search engines	improve search	underperforming queries
Measuring constraint violations in information retrieval.
measuring constraint violations	information retrieval
Probabilistic Multileave for Online Retrieval Evaluation.
online retrieval evaluation	probabilistic multileave
Semantic text classification of disease reporting.
semantic text classification	disease reporting
Active query selection for learning rankers.
active query selection	learning rankers
An Efficient and Scalable MetaFeature-based Document Classification Approach based on Massively Parallel Computing.
scalable metafeature-based document classification approach based	massively parallel computing
Optimizing parameters of the expected reciprocal rank.
expected reciprocal rank	optimizing parameters
Exploring the Query Halo Effect in Site Search: Leading People to Longer Queries.
query halo effect	site search	longer queries	leading people
The wisdom of the few: a collaborative filtering approach based on expert opinions from the web.
collaborative filtering approach based	expert opinions
User model-based metrics for offline query suggestion evaluation.
offline query suggestion evaluation	user model-based metrics
An adaptive teleportation random walk model for learning social tag relevance.
adaptive teleportation random walk model	learning social tag relevance
Information seeking in digital cultural heritage with PATHS.
digital cultural heritage	information seeking
Towards subjectifying text clustering.
subjectifying text clustering
Effect of different docid orderings on dynamic pruning retrieval strategies.
dynamic pruning retrieval strategies	docid orderings
Effective query expansion for federated search.
effective query expansion	federated search
Learning hash codes for efficient content reuse detection.
efficient content reuse detection	learning hash codes
When a Knowledge Base Is Not Enough: Question Answering over Knowledge Bases with External Text Data.
external text data	question answering	knowledge base	knowledge bases
On the evolution of the yahoo! answers QA community.
answers qa community
Estimating interference in the QPRP for subtopic retrieval.
estimating interference	subtopic retrieval
Query-performance prediction: setting the expectations straight.
query-performance prediction	expectations straight
How Informative is a Term?: Dispersion as a measure of Term Specificity.
term specificity
Beyond relevance: on novelty and diversity in tag recommendation.
tag recommendation
Multi-modal query expansion for web video search.
web video search	multi-modal query expansion
Descriptive modelling of text classification and its integration with other IR tasks.
text classification	ir tasks	descriptive modelling
The essence of time: considering temporal relevance as an intent-aware ranking problem.
intent-aware ranking problem	temporal relevance
Search Literacy: Learning to Search to Learn.
search literacy
Competition-based networks for expert finding.
expert finding	competition-based networks
Extending BM25 with multiple query operators.
multiple query operators	extending bm25
Enriching document representation via translation for improved monolingual information retrieval.
improved monolingual information retrieval	enriching document representation
Crowdsourcing a wikipedia vandalism corpus.
wikipedia vandalism corpus
Non-negative Matrix Factorization Meets Word Embedding.
non-negative matrix factorization meets word embedding
Novelty detection using local context analysis.
local context analysis	novelty detection
Modeling user posting behavior on social media.
modeling user posting behavior	social media
The impact of history length on personalized search.
personalized search	history length
De-duping URLs with Sequence-to-Sequence Neural Networks.
sequence-to-sequence neural networks	de-duping urls
Temporal collaborative filtering with adaptive neighbourhoods.
temporal collaborative filtering	adaptive neighbourhoods
Entity summarization of news articles.
entity summarization	news articles
Enhancing First Story Detection using Word Embeddings.
word embeddings	story detection
Modeling evolution of a social network using temporalgraph kernels.
modeling evolution	social network	temporalgraph kernels
How does Domain Expertise Affect Users' Search Processes in Exploratory Searches?
domain expertise affect users	exploratory searches	search processes
From fusion to re-ranking: a semantic approach.
semantic approach
See-to-retrieve: efficient processing of spatio-visual keyword queries.
spatio-visual keyword queries	efficient processing
Term clouds as surrogates for user generated speech.
user generated speech	term clouds
K-tree: large scale document clustering.
large scale document clustering
Non-Compositional Term Dependence for Information Retrieval.
non-compositional term dependence	information retrieval
Cookpad Image Dataset: An Image Collection as Infrastructure for Food Research.
cookpad image dataset	image collection	food research
A comparative evaluation of different link types on enhancing document clustering.
enhancing document clustering	link types	comparative evaluation
Telling experts from spammers: expertise ranking in folksonomies.
expertise ranking	telling experts
Mobile interface of the memoria project.
memoria project	mobile interface
AutoSVD++: An Efficient Hybrid Collaborative Filtering Model via Contractive Auto-encoders.
efficient hybrid collaborative filtering model	contractive auto-encoders
Entity Attribute Ranking Using Learning to Rank.
entity attribute ranking
Wisdom of Crowds or Wisdom of a Few?
crowds
$100, 000 prize jackpot. call now!: identifying the pertinent features of SMS spam.
sms spam	000 prize jackpot	pertinent features
Searching documentation using text, OCR, and image.
searching documentation
2007 Athena Lecturer Award introduction.
2007 athena lecturer award introduction
A study of Poisson query generation model for information retrieval.
poisson query generation model	information retrieval
First International Workshop on Conversational Approaches to Information Retrieval (CAIR'17).
international workshop	conversational approaches	information retrieval
Natural Language Supported Relation Matching for Question Answering with Knowledge Graphs.
natural language supported relation matching	question answering	knowledge graphs
Location-Aware Model for News Events in Social Media.
social media	location-aware model	news events
Multilingual PRF: english lends a helping hand.
multilingual prf	helping hand	english lends
Combining inverted indices and structured search for ad-hoc object retrieval.
ad-hoc object retrieval	combining inverted indices	structured search
Circumlocution in diagnostic medical queries.
diagnostic medical queries
The TALP participation at ERD 2014.
talp participation
Query performance prediction in web search environments.
query performance prediction	web search environments
Product comparison using comparative relations.
comparative relations	product comparison
Relational distance-based collaborative filtering.
relational distance-based collaborative filtering
Test theory for assessing IR test collections.
assessing ir test collections	test theory
Feature selection for ranking.
feature selection
GeoSoCa: Exploiting Geographical, Social and Categorical Correlations for Point-of-Interest Recommendations.
exploiting geographical	categorical correlations	point-of-interest recommendations
Gaussian Embeddings for Collaborative Filtering.
gaussian embeddings	collaborative filtering
Exploring Opportunities to Facilitate Serendipity in Search.
facilitate serendipity	exploring opportunities
Location in Search.
search
Intent boundary detection in search query logs.
intent boundary detection	search query logs
S-PLASA+: adaptive sentiment analysis with application to sales performance prediction.
adaptive sentiment analysis	sales performance prediction
Controversy Detection in Wikipedia Using Collective Classification.
controversy detection	collective classification
Modelling interaction with economic models of search.
modelling interaction	economic models
Using dynamic markov compression to detect vandalism in the wikipedia.
dynamic markov compression	detect vandalism
Learning a Hierarchical Embedding Model for Personalized Product Search.
personalized product search	hierarchical embedding model
Extracting structured information from user queries with semi-supervised conditional random fields.
semi-supervised conditional random fields	extracting structured information	user queries
Authorship Attribution for Small Texts: Literary and Forensic Experiments.
small texts	authorship attribution	forensic experiments
Relevance criteria for e-commerce: a crowdsourcing-based experimental analysis.
crowdsourcing-based experimental analysis	relevance criteria
A visual tool for bayesian data analysis: the impact of smoothing on naive bayes text classifiers.
naive bayes text classifiers	bayesian data analysis	visual tool
Finding and filtering information for children.
filtering information
Neu-IR: The SIGIR 2016 Workshop on Neural Information Retrieval.
neural information retrieval	sigir 2016 workshop
Entity Set Expansion via Knowledge Graphs.
entity set expansion	knowledge graphs
A General Linear Mixed Models Approach to Study System Component Effects.
general linear mixed models approach	study system component effects
Improve collaborative filtering through bordered block diagonal form matrices.
bordered block diagonal form matrices	improve collaborative filtering
On the Cost of Phrase-Based Ranking.
phrase-based ranking
Temporal feedback for tweet search with non-parametric density estimation.
non-parametric density estimation	tweet search	temporal feedback
Visual concept-based selection of query expansions for spoken content retrieval.
spoken content retrieval	visual concept-based selection	query expansions
Nordlys: A Toolkit for Entity-Oriented and Semantic Search.
semantic search
Learning to rank query reformulations.
rank query reformulations
Computational Social Indicators: A Case Study of Chinese University Ranking.
computational social indicators	chinese university ranking	case study
A comparison of query and term suggestion features for interactive searching.
term suggestion features	interactive searching
A two-stage model for blog feed search.
blog feed search	two-stage model
Predicting Which Topics You Will Join in the Future on Social Media.
social media
Faster and smaller inverted indices with treaps.
smaller inverted indices
Exploring tag relevance for image tag re-ranking.
image tag re-ranking	exploring tag relevance
Linse: A Distributional Semantics Entity Search Engine.
distributional semantics entity search engine
Interacting with Financial Data using Natural Language.
financial data	natural language
Multitask Learning for Fine-Grained Twitter Sentiment Analysis.
fine-grained twitter sentiment analysis	multitask learning
Retrieving Relevant Conversations for Q&A on Twitter.
retrieving relevant conversations
Integrating Understandability in the Evaluation of Consumer Health Search Engines.
consumer health search engines	integrating understandability
Towards zero-click mobile IR evaluation: knowing what and knowing when.
zero-click mobile ir evaluation
Explaining neighborhood-based recommendations.
explaining neighborhood-based recommendations
Blogger, stick to your story: modeling topical noise in blogs with coherence measures.
modeling topical noise	coherence measures
Experiments in CLIR using fuzzy string search based on surface similarity.
fuzzy string search based	surface similarity
On perfect document rankings for expert search.
perfect document rankings	expert search
Spectral geometry for simultaneously clustering and ranking query search results.
ranking query search results	spectral geometry	simultaneously clustering
Designing for Health Exploratory Seeking Behaviour.
health exploratory seeking behaviour
The cluster hypothesis in information retrieval.
cluster hypothesis	information retrieval
Adapting Markov Decision Process for Search Result Diversification.
adapting markov decision process	search result diversification
Social annotation in query expansion: a machine learning approach.
machine learning approach	query expansion	social annotation
In Situ Insights.
situ insights
Combining content and link for classification using matrix factorization.
matrix factorization	combining content
Summarizing the differences in multilingual news.
multilingual news
Distributional Random Oversampling for Imbalanced Text Classification.
distributional random oversampling	imbalanced text classification
Intra-assessor consistency in question answering.
intra-assessor consistency	question answering
Approximating true relevance distribution from a mixture model based on irrelevance data.
approximating true relevance distribution	mixture model based	irrelevance data
Cluster-based Joint Matrix Factorization Hashing for Cross-Modal Retrieval.
cluster-based joint matrix factorization hashing	cross-modal retrieval
Enhancing text clustering by leveraging Wikipedia semantics.
enhancing text clustering	leveraging wikipedia semantics
CRTER: using cross terms to enhance probabilistic information retrieval.
enhance probabilistic information retrieval	cross terms
Search as Learning (SAL) Workshop 2016.
search
A Study of SVM Kernel Functions for Sensitivity Classification Ensembles with POS Sequences.
svm kernel functions	sensitivity classification ensembles	pos sequences
QUADS: question answering for decision support.
decision support	question answering
Search Engine Evaluation based on Search Engine Switching Prediction.
search engine switching prediction	search engine evaluation based
Exploiting social context for expertise propagation.
exploiting social context	expertise propagation
Confluence: enhancing contextual desktop search.
enhancing contextual desktop search
Protein identification as an information retrieval problem.
information retrieval problem	protein identification
Discriminative probabilistic models for passage based retrieval.
passage based retrieval	discriminative probabilistic models
Relevance dimensions in preference-based IR evaluation.
preference-based ir evaluation	relevance dimensions
Transductive learning over automatically detected themes for multi-document summarization.
automatically detected themes	transductive learning	multi-document summarization
Automatic Feature Generation on Heterogeneous Graph for Music Recommendation.
automatic feature generation	music recommendation	heterogeneous graph
Indexing and querying overlapping structures.
querying overlapping structures
Proximity-based rocchio's model for pseudo relevance.
pseudo relevance	proximity-based rocchio
Search result diversification in resource selection for federated search.
search result diversification	federated search	resource selection
Search system requirements of patent analysts.
search system requirements	patent analysts
Preliminary study of technical terminology for the retrieval of scientific book metadata records.
scientific book metadata records	preliminary study	technical terminology
Evolution of Information Needs based on Life Event Experiences with Topic Transition.
life event experiences	topic transition
Exploiting temporal information in retrieval of archived documents.
exploiting temporal information	archived documents
No free lunch: brute force vs. locality-sensitive hashing for cross-lingual pairwise similarity.
cross-lingual pairwise similarity	brute force	free lunch	locality-sensitive hashing
Learning in Second-Language Searching.
second-language searching
Query preprocessing: improving web search through a Vietnamese word tokenization approach.
vietnamese word tokenization approach	improving web search	query preprocessing
Kleio: a knowledge-enriched information retrieval system for biology.
knowledge-enriched information retrieval system
A financial cost metric for result caching.
financial cost metric	result caching
Don't have a stemmer?: be un+concern+ed.
+concern+ed
Utilizing Focused Relevance Feedback.
utilizing focused relevance feedback
Improving sentence retrieval with an importance prior.
improving sentence retrieval	importance prior
A Test Collection for Evaluating Retrieval of Studies for Inclusion in Systematic Reviews.
evaluating retrieval	systematic reviews	test collection
Analyzing the content emphasis of web search engines.
web search engines	content emphasis
A "do-it-yourself" evaluation service for music information retrieval systems.
music information retrieval systems	evaluation service
Combining term-based and event-based matching for question answering.
question answering	combining term-based	event-based matching
Entity linking by focusing DBpedia candidate entities.
focusing dbpedia candidate entities	entity linking
Affective adaptive retrieval: study of emotion in adaptive retrieval.
affective adaptive retrieval	adaptive retrieval
The impact of solid state drive on search engine cache management.
search engine cache management	solid state drive
Multi-dimensional Formula Feature Modeling for Mathematical Information Retrieval.
multi-dimensional formula feature modeling	mathematical information retrieval
Ordinal Text Quantification.
ordinal text quantification
Predicting term-relevance from brain signals.
predicting term-relevance	brain signals
Smoothing clickthrough data for web search ranking.
web search ranking	smoothing clickthrough data
Sentence-level Sentiment Classification with Weak Supervision.
sentence-level sentiment classification	weak supervision
Exploiting user feedback to learn to rank answers in q&a forums: a case study with stack overflow.
exploiting user feedback	stack overflow	case study	rank answers
TweetMogaz: a news portal of tweets.
news portal
Locating Query-oriented Experts in Microblog Search.
locating query-oriented experts	microblog search
Seeing Bot.
bot
Fixed versus dynamic co-occurrence windows in TextRank term weights for information retrieval.
fixed versus dynamic co-occurrence windows	textrank term weights	information retrieval
Collaborative filtering with short term preferences mining.
short term preferences mining	collaborative filtering
Skill Translation Models in Expert Finding.
skill translation models	expert finding
Predicting web searcher satisfaction with existing community-based answers.
predicting web searcher satisfaction	existing community-based answers
Learning Maximal Marginal Relevance Model via Directly Optimizing Diversity Evaluation Measures.
learning maximal marginal relevance model	directly optimizing diversity evaluation measures
Attention-based information retrieval.
attention-based information retrieval
Prefetching query results and its impact on search engines.
prefetching query results	search engines
Laplacian optimal design for image retrieval.
laplacian optimal design	image retrieval
Towards Vandalism Detection in Knowledge Bases: Corpus Construction and Analysis.
corpus construction	vandalism detection	knowledge bases
Retrieval of discussions from enterprise mailing lists.
enterprise mailing lists
Challenges of Mathematical Information Retrievalin the NTCIR-11 Math Wikipedia Task.
ntcir-11 math wikipedia task	mathematical information retrievalin
Candidate Selection for Large Scale Personalized Search and Recommender Systems.
large scale personalized search	candidate selection	recommender systems
Deep Multimodal Embedding Model for Fine-grained Sketch-based Image Retrieval.
fine-grained sketch-based image retrieval	deep multimodal embedding model
High Quality Graph-Based Similarity Search.
high quality graph-based similarity search
New assessment criteria for query suggestion.
query suggestion	assessment criteria
Leveraging User Interaction Signals for Web Image Search.
leveraging user interaction signals	web image search
Adaptive diversification of recommendation results via latent factor portfolio.
latent factor portfolio	adaptive diversification	recommendation results
Modeling Document Novelty with Neural Tensor Network for Search Result Diversification.
modeling document novelty	search result diversification	neural tensor network
Segment-level display time as implicit feedback: a comparison to eye tracking.
segment-level display time	eye tracking	implicit feedback
HCC: a hierarchical co-clustering algorithm.
hierarchical co-clustering algorithm
Semantic models for answer re-ranking in question answering.
question answering	semantic models	answer re-ranking
Statistical significance testing in information retrieval: theory and practice.
statistical significance testing	information retrieval
Neural Rating Regression with Abstractive Tips Generation for Recommendation.
neural rating regression	abstractive tips generation
Fairness in Information Retrieval.
information retrieval
Topic labeled text classification: a weakly supervised approach.
topic labeled text classification	weakly supervised approach
Extending average precision to graded relevance judgments.
extending average precision	graded relevance judgments
Learning to combine representations for medical records search.
medical records search	combine representations
Toward Estimating the Rank Correlation between the Test Collection Results and the True System Performance.
true system performance	test collection results	rank correlation
Rank-GeoFM: A Ranking based Geographical Factorization Method for Point of Interest Recommendation.
ranking based geographical factorization method	interest recommendation
Enhancing topical ranking with preferences from click-through data.
enhancing topical ranking
Effect of dynamic pruning safety on learning to rank effectiveness.
dynamic pruning safety	rank effectiveness
Improving Exploratory Search Experience through Hierarchical Knowledge Graphs.
improving exploratory search experience	hierarchical knowledge graphs
Temporal latent semantic analysis for collaboratively generated content: preliminary results.
temporal latent semantic analysis	collaboratively generated content	preliminary results
Collective topic modeling for heterogeneous networks.
collective topic modeling	heterogeneous networks
SOPING: a Chinese customer review mining system.
chinese customer review mining system
Evaluating Streams of Evolving News Events.
evolving news events	evaluating streams
Using anchor texts with their hyperlink structure for web search.
anchor texts	web search	hyperlink structure
Preference based evaluation measures for novelty and diversity.
preference based evaluation measures
Predicting query potential for personalization, classification or regression?
predicting query potential
A fact/opinion classifier for news articles.
fact/opinion classifier	news articles
BordaConsensus: a new consensus function for soft cluster ensembles.
soft cluster ensembles	consensus function
Generating reformulation trees for complex queries.
generating reformulation trees	complex queries
Brute force and indexed approaches to pairwise document similarity comparisons with MapReduce.
pairwise document similarity comparisons	brute force	indexed approaches
Learning temporal-dependent ranking models.
learning temporal-dependent ranking models
Web searching for daily living.
daily living	web searching
Significant Words Representations of Entities.
significant words representations
SIGIR 2017 Workshop on Open Knowledge Base and Question Answering (OKBQA2017).
open knowledge base	sigir 2017 workshop	question answering
Relevance-aware Filtering of Tuples Sorted by an Attribute Value via Direct Optimization of Search Quality Metrics.
search quality metrics	direct optimization	tuples sorted	relevance-aware filtering
Web search without 'stupid' results.
web search
Exploiting Wikipedia inlinks for linking entities in queries.
exploiting wikipedia inlinks	linking entities
Appearance-Based Retrieval of Mathematical Notation in Documents and Lecture Videos.
lecture videos	appearance-based retrieval	mathematical notation
Retrieval system evaluation: automatic evaluation versus incomplete judgments.
automatic evaluation versus incomplete judgments	retrieval system evaluation
Does product recommendation meet its waterloo in unexplored categories?: no, price comes to help.
product recommendation meet	unexplored categories
Event Digest: A Holistic View on Past Events.
past events	event digest	holistic view
Using Contextual Information to Understand Searching and Browsing Behavior.
contextual information	understand searching	browsing behavior
FRank: a ranking method with fidelity loss.
fidelity loss	ranking method
Enhancing personalization via search activity attribution.
search activity attribution	enhancing personalization
Multimedia answering: enriching text QA with media information.
enriching text qa	multimedia answering	media information
Affective feedback: an investigation into the role of emotions in the information seeking process.
information seeking process	affective feedback
Personalized Response Generation via Domain adaptation.
personalized response generation	domain adaptation
The impact of caching on search engines.
search engines
Revisiting logical imaging for information retrieval.
revisiting logical imaging	information retrieval
A document rating system for preference judgements.
document rating system	preference judgements
Task-aware query recommendation.
task-aware query recommendation
A simple term frequency transformation model for effective pseudo relevance feedback.
simple term frequency transformation model	effective pseudo relevance feedback
Workload sampling for enterprise search evaluation.
enterprise search evaluation	workload sampling
Spacious: an interactive mental search interface.
interactive mental search interface
Link formation analysis in microblogs.
link formation analysis
TweetSpector: entity-based retrieval of tweets.
entity-based retrieval
YaLi: a crowdsourcing plug-in for NERD.
crowdsourcing plug-
Engaged or Frustrated?: Disambiguating Emotional State in Search.
disambiguating emotional state
The 36th International ACM SIGIR conference on research and development in Information Retrieval, SIGIR '13, Dublin, Ireland - July 28 - August 01, 2013
36th international acm sigir conference	information retrieval
System effectiveness, user models, and user utility: a conceptual framework for investigation.
system effectiveness	conceptual framework	user utility	user models
A novel hybrid index structure for efficient text retrieval.
efficient text retrieval	hybrid index structure
Personalized Itinerary Recommendation with Queuing Time Awareness.
queuing time awareness	personalized itinerary recommendation
Category hierarchy maintenance: a data-driven approach.
category hierarchy maintenance	data-driven approach
Effective Latent Models for Binary Feedback in Recommender Systems.
effective latent models	binary feedback	recommender systems
Focused access to sparsely and densely relevant documents.
densely relevant documents	focused access
Temporal Query Intent Disambiguation using Time-Series Data.
temporal query intent disambiguation	time-series data
Relaxed online SVMs for spam filtering.
relaxed online svms	spam filtering
On peculiarities of positional effects in sponsored search.
sponsored search	positional effects
Explicit In Situ User Feedback for Web Search Results.
situ user feedback	web search results
Learning to Rank Features for Recommendation over Multiple Categories.
rank features	multiple categories
On Application of Learning to Rank for E-Commerce Search.
e-commerce search
The Data Stack in Information Retrieval.
data stack	information retrieval
A survival modeling approach to biomedical search result diversification using wikipedia.
biomedical search result diversification	survival modeling approach
Incremental Sampling of Query Logs.
incremental sampling	query logs
Impact of assessor disagreement on ranking performance.
ranking performance	assessor disagreement
Leveraging Procedural Knowledge for Task-oriented Search.
leveraging procedural knowledge	task-oriented search
Seasonal Web Search Query Selection for Influenza-Like Illness (ILI) Estimation.
seasonal web search query selection
How Much Novelty is Relevant?: It Depends on Your Curiosity.
depends
Investigating the suboptimality and instability of pseudo-relevance feedback.
pseudo-relevance feedback
Learning to name faces: a multimodal learning scheme for search-based face annotation.
search-based face annotation	multimodal learning scheme
Temporal Information Retrieval.
temporal information retrieval
Retrieving similar discussion forum threads: a structure based approach.
retrieving similar discussion forum threads	structure based approach
Tree-Map: A Visualization Tool for Large Data.
visualization tool	large data
Improving user confidence in cultural heritage aggregated results.
cultural heritage aggregated results	improving user confidence
To Blend or Not to Blend?: Perceptual Speed, Visual Memory and Aggregated Search.
visual memory	perceptual speed	aggregated search
Exploring reductions for long web queries.
long web queries	exploring reductions
Improving unsupervised query segmentation using parts-of-speech sequence information.
improving unsupervised query segmentation	parts-of-speech sequence information
Will this #hashtag be popular tomorrow?
popular tomorrow
Retrievability: An Independent Evaluation Measure.
independent evaluation measure
Centered kNN Graph for Semi-Supervised Learning.
centered knn graph	semi-supervised learning
Top-N Recommendation with High-Dimensional Side Information via Locality Preserving Projection.
locality preserving projection	high-dimensional side information
MultiScien: a Bi-Lingual Natural Language Processing System for Mining and Enrichment of Scientific Collections.
bi-lingual natural language processing system	scientific collections
Analyzing User's Sequential Behavior in Query Auto-Completion via Markov Processes.
analyzing user	sequential behavior	query auto-completion	markov processes
Evaluating sampling methods for uncooperative collections.
evaluating sampling methods	uncooperative collections
Bias-variance decomposition of ir evaluation.
ir evaluation	bias-variance decomposition
Cluster-based fusion of retrieved lists.
retrieved lists	cluster-based fusion
Combining LVCSR and vocabulary-independent ranked utterance retrieval for robust speech search.
vocabulary-independent ranked utterance retrieval	robust speech search	combining lvcsr
HCI Browser: A Tool for Studying Web Search Behavior.
studying web search behavior	hci browser
Exploiting memory cues in personal lifelog retrieval.
exploiting memory cues	personal lifelog retrieval
Hits on the web: how does it compare?
web
Incorporating User Behavior Information in IR Evaluation.
incorporating user behavior information	ir evaluation
Overview of Graph Search and Beyond.
graph search
SogouT-16: A New Web Corpus to Embrace IR Research.
embrace ir research	web corpus
WING-NUS at CL-SciSumm 2017: Learning from Syntactic and Semantic Similarity for Citation Contextualization.
semantic similarity	citation contextualization
A topic model of clinical reports.
topic model	clinical reports
Classifiers without borders: incorporating fielded text from neighboring web pages.
neighboring web pages	incorporating fielded text
Exploring Knowledge Learning in Collaborative Information Seeking Process.
collaborative information seeking process	exploring knowledge learning
Learn from web search logs to organize search results.
web search logs	organize search results
Query representation for cross-temporal information retrieval.
cross-temporal information retrieval	query representation
Guilt by association as a search principle.
search principle
Comparing In Situ and Multidimensional Relevance Judgments.
multidimensional relevance judgments
A Joint Local-Global Approach for Medical Terminology Assignment.
medical terminology assignment	joint local-global approach
MRF based approach for sentence retrieval.
mrf based approach	sentence retrieval
Query performance prediction for microblog search: a preliminary study.
query performance prediction	preliminary study	microblog search
Context-Sensitive Auto-Completion for Searching with Entities and Categories.
context-sensitive auto-completion
Skewed partial bitvectors for list intersection.
skewed partial bitvectors	list intersection
Neural Factorization Machines for Sparse Predictive Analytics.
sparse predictive analytics	neural factorization machines
Using Sensor Metadata Streams to Identify Topics of Local Events in the City.
sensor metadata streams	local events	identify topics
A general optimization framework for smoothing language models on graph structures.
smoothing language models	general optimization framework	graph structures
VIRLab: A Platform for Privacy-Preserving Evaluation for Information Retrieval Models.
information retrieval models	privacy-preserving evaluation
Parallel learning to rank for information retrieval.
parallel learning	information retrieval
Modeling the dynamics of personal expertise.
personal expertise
How do users find things with PubMed?: towards automatic utility evaluation with user simulations.
users find things	automatic utility evaluation	user simulations
Semantic hashing using tags and topic modeling.
topic modeling	semantic hashing
Learning to rank under tight budget constraints.
tight budget constraints
Finding, Understanding and Learning: Making Information Discovery Tasks Useful for Children and Teachers.
making information discovery tasks
Putting context into search and search into context.
putting context
First experiments searching spontaneous Czech speech.
experiments searching spontaneous czech speech
Traditional IR Meets Ontology Engineering in Search for Data.
traditional ir meets ontology engineering
Hypergraph partitioning for document clustering: a unified clique perspective.
unified clique perspective	hypergraph partitioning	document clustering
Item group based pairwise preference learning for personalized ranking.
item group based pairwise preference learning	personalized ranking
Evaluating the effort involved in relevance assessments for images.
effort involved	relevance assessments
Online Learning to Rank for Information Retrieval: SIGIR 2016 Tutorial.
online learning	sigir 2016 tutorial	information retrieval
Video Question Answering via Attribute-Augmented Attention Network Learning.
attribute-augmented attention network learning	video question answering
Flat vs. hierarchical phrase-based translation models for cross-language information retrieval.
hierarchical phrase-based translation models	cross-language information retrieval
Features of Disagreement Between Retrieval Effectiveness Measures.
retrieval effectiveness measures
Combining Orthogonal Information in Large-Scale Cross-Language Information Retrieval.
large-scale cross-language information retrieval	combining orthogonal information
Investment Recommendation using Investor Opinions in Social Media.
investment recommendation	investor opinions	social media
What Makes a Query Temporally Sensitive?
query temporally sensitive
That's Not My Question: Learning to Weight Unmatched Terms in CQA Vertical Search.
weight unmatched terms	cqa vertical search
Dual role model for question recommendation in community question answering.
dual role model	community question answering	question recommendation
Information Retrieval Model using Generalized Pareto Distribution and Its Application to Instance Search.
generalized pareto distribution	information retrieval model	instance search
Music Retrieval and Recommendation: A Tutorial Overview.
music retrieval	tutorial overview
Building a web test collection using social media.
web test collection	social media
Accounting for the Correspondence in Commented Data.
commented data
The Best Published Result is Random: Sequential Testing and its Effect on Reported Effectiveness.
reported effectiveness	published result	sequential testing
A probabilistic topic-based ranking framework for location-sensitive domain information retrieval.
location-sensitive domain information retrieval	probabilistic topic-based ranking framework
An evaluation of entity and frequency based query completion methods.
frequency based query completion methods
Active Learning for Entity Filtering in Microblog Streams.
microblog streams	entity filtering	active learning
Personalized Query Suggestion Diversification.
personalized query suggestion diversification
Impact of Surrogate Assessments on High-Recall Retrieval.
surrogate assessments	high-recall retrieval
CricketLinking: Linking Event Mentions from Cricket Match Reports to Ball Entities in Commentaries.
cricket match reports	linking event mentions	ball entities
Proceedings of the 40th International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan, August 7-11, 2017
40th international acm sigir conference	august 7-11	information retrieval
Simulating Interactive Information Retrieval: SimIIR: A Framework for the Simulation of Interaction.
simulating interactive information retrieval
Pharos: an audiovisual search platform.
audiovisual search platform
Sedano: A News Stream Processor for Business.
news stream processor
Unsupervised estimation of dirichlet smoothing parameters.
dirichlet smoothing parameters	unsupervised estimation
Incorporating term dependency in the dfr framework.
incorporating term dependency	dfr framework
On the Power Laws of Language: Word Frequency Distributions.
word frequency distributions	power laws
Unsupervised learning of multilingual short message service (SMS) dialect from noisy examples.
multilingual short message service	noisy examples	unsupervised learning
Exploiting subjectivity analysis in blogs to improve political leaning categorization.
improve political leaning categorization	exploiting subjectivity analysis
Do IR models satisfy the TDC retrieval constraint.
tdc retrieval constraint	ir models satisfy
Document selection methodologies for efficient and effective learning-to-rank.
document selection methodologies	effective learning-to-rank
Large-scale cluster-based retrieval experiments on Turkish texts.
large-scale cluster-based retrieval experiments	turkish texts
Impact of response latency on user behavior in web search.
web search	response latency	user behavior
Privacy-aware image classification and search.
privacy-aware image classification
User-oriented text segmentation evaluation measure.
user-oriented text segmentation evaluation measure
Speech search: techniques and tools for spoken content retrieval.
spoken content retrieval	speech search
Selectively Personalizing Query Auto-Completion.
selectively personalizing query auto-completion
Rethinking the Cost of Information Search Behavior.
information search behavior
User Comment Analysis for Android apps and CSPI Detection with Comment Expansion.
user comment analysis	comment expansion	cspi detection	android apps
Investigating Examination Behavior of Image Search Users.
image search users	investigating examination behavior
Efficiently collecting relevance information from clickthroughs for web retrieval system evaluation.
efficiently collecting relevance information	web retrieval system evaluation
Where is who: large-scale photo retrieval by facial attributes and canvas layout.
large-scale photo retrieval	facial attributes	canvas layout
Looking inside the box: context-sensitive translation for cross-language information retrieval.
cross-language information retrieval	context-sensitive translation
Explanatory semantic relatedness and explicit spatialization for exploratory search.
explanatory semantic relatedness	explicit spatialization	exploratory search
Intrinsic Plagiarism Analysis with Meta Learning.
intrinsic plagiarism analysis	meta learning
Where to Go on Your Next Trip?: Optimizing Travel Destinations Based on User Preferences.
optimizing travel destinations based	user preferences
Learning to select a time-aware retrieval model.
time-aware retrieval model
Retrieval Consistency in the Presence of Query Variations.
query variations	retrieval consistency
Agreement among statistical significance tests for information retrieval evaluation at varying sample sizes.
information retrieval evaluation	statistical significance tests	varying sample sizes
Regularized latent semantic indexing.
regularized latent semantic indexing
Exploiting sequential dependencies for expert finding.
exploiting sequential dependencies	expert finding
Vocabulary independent spoken term detection.
vocabulary independent spoken term detection
Identifying the original contribution of a document via language modeling.
original contribution	language modeling
Multimedia recommendation: technology and techniques.
multimedia recommendation
Robust audio identification for MP3 popular music.
mp3 popular music	robust audio identification
Understanding negation and family history to improve clinical information retrieval.
improve clinical information retrieval	understanding negation	family history
A new rank correlation coefficient for information retrieval.
rank correlation coefficient	information retrieval
Query performance prediction for IR.
query performance prediction
Recommending citations for academic papers.
academic papers	recommending citations
Exploiting geographical influence for collaborative point-of-interest recommendation.
exploiting geographical influence	collaborative point-of-interest recommendation
Unilateral Jaccard Similarity Coefficient.
unilateral jaccard similarity coefficient
Entity linking and retrieval.
entity linking
Improving weak ad-hoc queries using wikipedia as external corpus.
improving weak ad-hoc queries	external corpus
Portfolio theory of information retrieval.
portfolio theory	information retrieval
Alternatives to Bpref.
bpref
Graph-based large scale RDF data compression.
graph-based large scale rdf data compression
Identifying entity aspects in microblog posts.
identifying entity aspects	microblog posts
Can search systems detect users' task difficulty?: some behavioral signals.
search systems detect users	behavioral signals	task difficulty
User interface designs to support the social transfer of web search expertise.
web search expertise	user interface designs	social transfer
Gauging the Quality of Relevance Assessments using Inter-Rater Agreement.
inter-rater agreement	relevance assessments
The Probability that Your Hypothesis Is Correct, Credible Intervals, and Effect Sizes for IR Evaluation.
credible intervals	ir evaluation	effect sizes
Rating prediction using feature words extracted from customer reviews.
feature words extracted	rating prediction	customer reviews
Web text retrieval with a P2P query-driven index.
web text retrieval	p2p query-driven index
The 37th International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, SIGIR '14, Gold Coast , QLD, Australia - July 06 - 11, 2014
37th international acm sigir conference	information retrieval	gold coast
Towards a Gamified System to Improve Translation for Online Meetings.
gamified system	improve translation	online meetings
A Visual Analytics Approach for What-If Analysis of Information Retrieval Systems.
visual analytics approach	information retrieval systems
Understanding Temporal Query Intent.
understanding temporal query intent
Who said what to whom?: capturing the structure of debates.
structure
Collaborative Ranking with Social Relationships for Top-N Recommendations.
collaborative ranking	social relationships
How Task Types and User Experiences Affect Information-Seeking Behavior on the Web: Using Eye-tracking and Client-side Search Logs.
user experiences affect information-seeking behavior	client-side search logs	task types
Time-aware point-of-interest recommendation.
time-aware point-of-interest recommendation
Building a Self-Learning Search Engine: From Research to Business.
self-learning search engine
Exploring folksonomy for personalized search.
personalized search	exploring folksonomy
Visual Pool: A Tool to Visualize and Interact with the Pooling Method.
visual pool	pooling method
VenueMusic: A Venue-Aware Music Recommender System.
venue-aware music recommender system
Combining Top-N Recommenders with Metasearch Algorithms.
combining top-	metasearch algorithms
Relevance Judgments: Preferences, Scores and Ties.
relevance judgments
Context- and Content-aware Embeddings for Query Rewriting in Sponsored Search.
query rewriting	sponsored search	content-aware embeddings
Analysis of Footnote Chasing and Citation Searching in an Academic Search Engine.
academic search engine	footnote chasing	citation searching
On the mathematical relationship between expected n-call@k and the relevance vs. diversity trade-off.
expected n-call@	diversity trade-	mathematical relationship
Geometric representations for multiple documents.
multiple documents	geometric representations
Analyzing bias in CQA-based expert finding test sets.
cqa-based expert finding test sets	analyzing bias
Measuring improvement in user search performance resulting from optimal search tips.
user search performance resulting	optimal search tips	measuring improvement
Learning by Example: Training Users with High-quality Query Suggestions.
high-quality query suggestions	training users
SugarCube: quantification of topic propagation in the blogosphere using percolation theory.
topic propagation	percolation theory
Protecting source privacy in federated search.
protecting source privacy	federated search
Effect of written instructions on assessor agreement.
written instructions	assessor agreement
Understanding the relationship of information need specificity to search query length.
search query length
Understanding Information Need: An fMRI Study.
fmri study	understanding information
Properties of optimally weighted data fusion in CBMIR.
optimally weighted data fusion
Proceedings of the 38th International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, Santiago, Chile, August 9-13, 2015
38th international acm sigir conference	august 9-13	information retrieval
SEJoin: an optimized algorithm towards efficient approximate string searches.
efficient approximate string searches	optimized algorithm
SIGIR 2016 Workshop WebQA II: Web Question Answering Beyond Factoids.
sigir 2016 workshop webqa ii	web question answering
A large scale machine learning system for recommending heterogeneous content in social networks.
large scale machine learning system	recommending heterogeneous content	social networks
Scalable Semantic Matching of Queries to Ads in Sponsored Search Advertising.
sponsored search advertising	scalable semantic matching
Global resources for peer-to-peer text retrieval.
peer-to-peer text retrieval	global resources
Learning to rank social update streams.
rank social update streams
Learning search tasks in queries and web pages via graph regularization.
learning search tasks	web pages	graph regularization
Structural relationships for large-scale learning of answer re-ranking.
structural relationships	answer re-ranking	large-scale learning
Language intent models for inferring user browsing behavior.
inferring user browsing behavior	language intent models
Utilizing relevance feedback in fusion-based retrieval.
utilizing relevance feedback	fusion-based retrieval
Timestamping Entities using Contextual Information.
contextual information	timestamping entities
Pearson Rank: A Head-Weighted Gap-Sensitive Score-Based Correlation Coefficient.
head-weighted gap-sensitive score-based correlation coefficient	pearson rank
A Context-aware Time Model for Web Search.
context-aware time model	web search
Statistical feature extraction for cross-language web content quality assessment.
cross-language web content quality assessment	statistical feature extraction
Opinion summarisation through sentence extraction: an investigation with movie reviews.
opinion summarisation	movie reviews	sentence extraction
Directly optimizing evaluation measures in learning to rank.
directly optimizing evaluation measures
Information Retrieval Boosted by Category for Troubleshooting Search System.
troubleshooting search system	information retrieval boosted
RankEval: An Evaluation and Analysis Framework for Learning-to-Rank Solutions.
analysis framework	learning-to-rank solutions
Context and linking in retrieval from personal digital archives.
personal digital archives
Neighborhood restrictions in geographic IR.
neighborhood restrictions	geographic ir
Joint Matrix Factorization and Manifold-Ranking for Topic-Focused Multi-Document Summarization.
joint matrix factorization	topic-focused multi-document summarization
Context-aware web search abandonment prediction.
context-aware web search abandonment prediction
High-dimensional visual vocabularies for image retrieval.
high-dimensional visual vocabularies	image retrieval
Autonomous Crowdsourcing through Human-Machine Collaborative Learning.
human-machine collaborative learning	autonomous crowdsourcing
SIGIR 2017 Workshop on Neural Information Retrieval (Neu-IR'17).
neural information retrieval	sigir 2017 workshop
Discriminative models of integrating document evidence and document-candidate associations for expert search.
integrating document evidence	expert search	document-candidate associations	discriminative models
HEALTH+Z: Confidential Provider Selection in Collaborative Healthcare P2P Networks.
collaborative healthcare p2p networks	confidential provider selection
Modeling the impact of short- and long-term behavior on search personalization.
search personalization	long-term behavior
The BOLT IR Test Collections of Multilingual Passage Retrieval from Discussion Forums.
bolt ir test collections	multilingual passage retrieval	discussion forums
Detecting Positive Medical History Mentions.
detecting positive medical history mentions
ILDA: interdependent LDA model for learning latent aspects and their ratings from online product reviews.
learning latent aspects	interdependent lda model	online product reviews
Effective and efficient user interaction for long queries.
efficient user interaction	long queries
Enhancing ad-hoc relevance weighting using probability density estimation.
enhancing ad-hoc relevance weighting	probability density estimation
Enhancing sketch-based sport video retrieval by suggesting relevant motion paths.
enhancing sketch-based sport video retrieval	suggesting relevant motion paths
Balancing Relevance Criteria through Multi-Objective Optimization.
balancing relevance criteria	multi-objective optimization
A perspective-aware approach to search: visualizing perspectives in news search results.
news search results	perspective-aware approach	visualizing perspectives
Query-drift prevention for robust query expansion.
robust query expansion	query-drift prevention
Efficient & Effective Selective Query Rewriting with Efficiency Predictions.
efficient & effective selective query rewriting	efficiency predictions
Building and Using Models of Information Seeking, Search and Retrieval: Full Day Tutorial.
full day tutorial	information seeking
Person name disambiguation by bootstrapping.
person
Model-averaged latent semantic indexing.
model-averaged latent semantic indexing
Survival analysis of click logs.
survival analysis	click logs
An Aspect-driven Social Media Explorer.
aspect-driven social media explorer
Sub-corpora Impact on System Effectiveness.
system effectiveness	sub-corpora impact
Venue Appropriateness Prediction for Personalized Context-Aware Venue Suggestion.
personalized context-aware venue suggestion	venue appropriateness prediction
Mining the blogosphere for top news stories identification.
top news stories identification
SIGIR 2013 workshop on modeling user behavior for information retrieval evaluation.
information retrieval evaluation	modeling user behavior	sigir 2013 workshop
Catching the User - User Context through Live Logging in DAFFODIL.
live logging
User Interaction Sequences for Search Satisfaction Prediction.
user interaction sequences	search satisfaction prediction
Distributed Representations for Semantic Matching in non-factoid Question Answering.
non-factoid question answering	semantic matching	distributed representations
Subsequence Search in Event-Interval Sequences.
event-interval sequences	subsequence search
A site oriented method for segmenting web pages.
site oriented method	segmenting web pages
The cluster hypothesis for entity oriented search.
entity oriented search	cluster hypothesis
A topical PageRank based algorithm for recommender systems.
topical pagerank based algorithm	recommender systems
The DILIGENT framework for distributed information retrieval.
distributed information retrieval	diligent framework
IR-Toolbox: an experiential learning tool for teaching IR.
experiential learning tool	teaching ir
Learning more powerful test statistics for click-based retrieval evaluation.
powerful test statistics	click-based retrieval evaluation
Agate: information gathering for risk monitoring.
information gathering	risk monitoring
Recommending Complementary Products in E-Commerce Push Notifications with a Mixture Model Approach.
e-commerce push notifications	recommending complementary products	mixture model approach
Beyond Topical Relevance: Studying Understandability and Reliability in Consumer Health Search.
consumer health search	studying understandability	topical relevance
Relevance-based Word Embedding.
relevance-based word embedding
Probabilistic text modeling with orthogonalized topics.
probabilistic text modeling	orthogonalized topics
A unified framework for recommendations based on quaternary semantic analysis.
quaternary semantic analysis	recommendations based	unified framework
Entity extraction and disambiguation in finance.
entity extraction
A music search engine built upon audio-based and web-based similarity measures.
music search engine built	web-based similarity measures
Topic-based Index Partitions for Efficient and Effective Selective Search.
topic-based index partitions	effective selective search
Manhattan hashing for large-scale image retrieval.
large-scale image retrieval	manhattan hashing
Automatic and Semi-Automatic Document Selection for Technology-Assisted Review.
semi-automatic document selection	technology-assisted review
Privacy-Preserving IR 2016: Differential Privacy, Search, and Social Media.
social media	privacy-preserving ir 2016	differential privacy
Summary of the NTCIR-10 INTENT-2 task: subtopic mining and search result diversification.
search result diversification	ntcir-10 intent-2 task	subtopic mining
ESTER: efficient search on text, entities, and relations.
efficient search
Aiming for user experience in information retrieval: towards user-centered relevance (UCR).
user experience	user-centered relevance	information retrieval
Search engine switching detection based on user personal preferences and behavior patterns.
search engine switching detection based	user personal preferences	behavior patterns
Utilizing Online Social Media for Disaster Relief: Practical Challenges in Retrieval.
utilizing online social media	practical challenges	disaster relief
Click-through prediction for news queries.
news queries
Self-taught hashing for fast similarity search.
fast similarity search	self-taught hashing
A relevance-based topic model for news event tracking.
relevance-based topic model	news event tracking
Score and rank convergence of HITS.
rank convergence
Evaluation of machine-learning protocols for technology-assisted review in electronic discovery.
technology-assisted review	electronic discovery	machine-learning protocols
Integrating clusters created offline with query-specific clusters for document retrieval.
integrating clusters created offline	query-specific clusters	document retrieval
Proceeding of the 33rd International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, SIGIR 2010, Geneva, Switzerland, July 19-23, 2010
33rd international acm sigir conference	july 19-23	information retrieval
#nowplaying the future billboard: mining music listening behaviors of twitter users for hit song prediction.
mining music listening behaviors	hit song prediction	twitter users	future billboard
Beyond session segmentation: predicting changes in search intent with client-side user interactions.
client-side user interactions	search intent	session segmentation
Modelling User Search Behaviour Based on Process.
modelling user search behaviour based
WEMAREC: Accurate and Scalable Recommendation through Weighted and Ensemble Matrix Approximation.
ensemble matrix approximation	scalable recommendation
Editorial for the 2nd Joint Workshop on Bibliometric-enhanced Information Retrieval and Natural Language Processing for Digital Libraries (BIRNDL) at SIGIR 2017.
2nd joint workshop	bibliometric-enhanced information retrieval	natural language processing	digital libraries
Recommending interesting activity-related local entities.
recommending interesting activity-related local entities
Task differentiation for personal search evaluation.
personal search evaluation	task differentiation
Quantifying performance and quality gains in distributed web search engines.
distributed web search engines	quality gains	quantifying performance
Toward whole-session relevance: exploring intrinsic diversity in web search.
exploring intrinsic diversity	web search	whole-session relevance
Data driven methods for improving mono- and cross-lingual IR performance in noisy environments.
cross-lingual ir performance	data driven methods	improving mono-	noisy environments
Evaluating non-deterministic retrieval systems.
evaluating non-deterministic retrieval systems
Query log driven web search results clustering.
query log driven web search results clustering
A novel Arabic lemmatization algorithm.
arabic lemmatization algorithm
Embedding Factorization Models for Jointly Recommending Items and User Generated Lists.
embedding factorization models	user generated lists	jointly recommending items
Authorship classification: a discriminative syntactic tree mining approach.
discriminative syntactic tree mining approach	authorship classification
Relevance assessment: are judges exchangeable and does it matter.
judges exchangeable	relevance assessment
Optimizing relevance and revenue in ad search: a query substitution approach.
query substitution approach	ad search	optimizing relevance
Large-Scale Goodness Polarity Lexicons for Community Question Answering.
large-scale goodness polarity lexicons	community question answering
Introduction to probabilistic models in IR.
probabilistic models
Multiview clustering: a late fusion approach using latent models.
late fusion approach	latent models	multiview clustering
Political search trends.
political search trends
Mining Business Opportunities from Location-based Social Networks.
location-based social networks	mining business opportunities
Efficiency trade-offs in two-tier web search systems.
two-tier web search systems	efficiency trade-offs
From Queries to Cards: Re-ranking Proactive Card Recommendations Based on Reactive Search History.
re-ranking proactive card recommendations based	reactive search history
XML-aided phrase indexing for hypertext documents.
xml-aided phrase indexing	hypertext documents
Collaborative information seeking: art and science of achieving 1+1>2 in IR.
collaborative information seeking	achieving 1+1>2
On a Topic Model for Sentences.
topic model
Counter Deanonymization Query: H-index Based k-Anonymization Privacy Protection for Social Networks.
h-index based k-anonymization privacy protection	counter deanonymization query	social networks
Search engine predilection towards news media providers.
search engine predilection	news media providers
Where to start filtering redundancy?: a cluster-based approach.
start filtering redundancy	cluster-based approach
Supervised query modeling using wikipedia.
supervised query modeling
The Factoid Queries Collection.
factoid queries collection
Search Behaviour Before and After Search Success.
search success	search behaviour
Catching the User - Logging the Information Retrieval Dialogue.
information retrieval dialogue
A Similarity Measure for Weaving Patterns in Textiles.
weaving patterns	similarity measure
Modeling term dependencies with quantum language models for IR.
quantum language models	modeling term dependencies
Concept representation based video indexing.
concept representation based video indexing
Local Ranking Problem on the BrowseGraph.
local ranking problem
Rule based synonyms for entity extraction from noisy text.
rule based synonyms	noisy text	entity extraction
Learning Max-Margin GeoSocial Multimedia Network Representations for Point-of-Interest Suggestion.
learning max-margin geosocial multimedia network representations	point-of-interest suggestion
Discovering Author Interest Evolution in Topic Modeling.
discovering author interest evolution	topic modeling
A search engine in a few lines.: yes, we can!
search engine
Bundle recommendation in ecommerce.
bundle recommendation
Ad hoc IR: not much room for improvement.
ad hoc ir
Shiny on Your Crazy Diagonal.
crazy diagonal
User-driven system-mediated collaborative information retrieval.
user-driven system-mediated collaborative information retrieval
Recommending personalized touristic sights using google places.
recommending personalized touristic sights	google places
Word Embedding Causes Topic Shifting; Exploit Global Context!
exploit global context	word embedding	topic shifting
Mining query subtopics from search log data.
mining query subtopics	search log data
Efficient estimation of aspect weights.
efficient estimation	aspect weights
Position Paper: Promoting User Engagement and Learning in Search Tasks By Effective Document Representation.
effective document representation	promoting user engagement	position paper	search tasks
Estimating the value of automatic disambiguation.
automatic disambiguation
Examining collaborative query reformulation: a case of travel information searching.
examining collaborative query reformulation	travel information searching
Find Shoes Like These.
find shoes
Predicting user interests from contextual information.
predicting user interests	contextual information
Fighting search engine amnesia: reranking repeated results.
fighting search engine amnesia	reranking repeated results
CDPRanking: discovering and ranking cross-document paths between entities.
ranking cross-document paths
GeoBurst: Real-Time Local Event Detection in Geo-Tagged Tweet Streams.
real-time local event detection	geo-tagged tweet streams
Clicked phrase document expansion for sponsored search ad retrieval.
sponsored search ad retrieval	clicked phrase document expansion
A/B Testing at Scale: Accelerating Software Innovation.
accelerating software innovation
Enhancing web search by promoting multiple search engine use.
promoting multiple search engine	enhancing web search
Beyond search: statistical topic models for text analysis.
statistical topic models	text analysis
Twicalli: An Earthquake Detection System Based on Citizen Sensors Used for Emergency Response in Chile.
earthquake detection system based	citizen sensors	emergency response
Seeding simulated queries with user-study data forpersonal search evaluation.
user-study data forpersonal search evaluation	seeding simulated queries
Exploiting Semantic Coherence Features for Information Retrieval.
exploiting semantic coherence features	information retrieval
A unified and discriminative model for query refinement.
discriminative model	query refinement
Finding support sentences for entities.
finding support sentences
How query cost affects search behavior.
query cost affects search behavior
Attack resistant collaborative filtering.
attack resistant collaborative filtering
Asymmetric distance estimation with sketches for similarity search in high-dimensional spaces.
asymmetric distance estimation	similarity search	high-dimensional spaces
Learning to Respond with Deep Neural Networks for Retrieval-Based Human-Computer Conversation System.
retrieval-based human-computer conversation system	deep neural networks
Addressing cold-start in app recommendation: latent user models constructed from twitter followers.
latent user models constructed	addressing cold-start	app recommendation	twitter followers
Building Your Own Reading List Anytime via Embedding Relevance, Quality, Timeliness and Diversity.
reading list anytime	embedding relevance
Automatic video tagging using content redundancy.
automatic video tagging	content redundancy
The value of visual elements in web search.
visual elements	web search
Exploring desktop resources based on user activity analysis.
exploring desktop resources based	user activity analysis
A simple and efficient sampling method for estimating AP and NDCG.
efficient sampling method	estimating ap
Hashing with List-Wise learning to rank.
list-wise learning
Learning online discussion structures by conditional random fields.
learning online discussion structures	conditional random fields
Score-safe term-dependency processing with hybrid indexes.
score-safe term-dependency processing	hybrid indexes
Cross-Platform Question Routing for Better Question Answering.
cross-platform question routing	question answering
Improving tweet stream classification by detecting changes in word probability.
improving tweet stream classification	word probability
An uncertainty-aware query selection model for evaluation of IR systems.
uncertainty-aware query selection model	ir systems
Boosting novelty for biomedical information retrieval through probabilistic latent semantic analysis.
probabilistic latent semantic analysis	biomedical information retrieval	boosting novelty
DUMPLING: A Novel Dynamic Search Engine.
dynamic search engine
Effective sentiment stream analysis with self-augmenting training and demand-driven projection.
effective sentiment stream analysis	self-augmenting training	demand-driven projection
Image ranking based on user browsing behavior.
image ranking based	user browsing behavior
Simultaneously modeling semantics and structure of threaded discussions: a sparse coding approach and its applications.
simultaneously modeling semantics	sparse coding approach	threaded discussions
Robust music identification based on low-order zernike moment in the compressed domain.
robust music identification based	low-order zernike moment	compressed domain
The importance of anchor text for ad hoc search revisited.
ad hoc search revisited	anchor text
Clickthrough-based latent semantic models for web search.
clickthrough-based latent semantic models	web search
MaSe: create your own mash-up search interface.
search interface
A summarisation logic for structured documents.
structured documents	summarisation logic
Learning to Rank Question Answer Pairs with Holographic Dual LSTM Architecture.
holographic dual lstm architecture	rank question answer pairs
Neural Networks for Information Retrieval.
neural networks	information retrieval
On the Reusability of "Living Labs" Test Collections: : A Case Study of Real-Time Summarization.
case study	real-time summarization	test collections	living labs
Evaluation of text-processing algorithms for adverse drug event extraction from social media.
adverse drug event extraction	social media	text-processing algorithms
Adaption of String Matching Algorithms for Identification of Near-Duplicate Music Documents.
string matching algorithms	near-duplicate music documents
PatentLine: analyzing technology evolution on multi-view patent graphs.
analyzing technology evolution	multi-view patent graphs
Author-topic evolution analysis using three-way non-negative Paratucker.
author-topic evolution analysis	non-negative paratucker
Metacognitive Knowledge and Metacognitive Regulation in Time-Constrained in Information Search.
information search	metacognitive knowledge	metacognitive regulation
Using gradient descent to optimize language modeling smoothing parameters.
optimize language modeling smoothing parameters	gradient descent
Topic hierarchy construction for the organization of multi-source user generated contents.
multi-source user generated contents	topic hierarchy construction
Proceedings of the Third International Workshop on Gamification for Information Retrieval co-located with 39th International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval (SIGIR 2016), Pisa, Italy, July 21, 2016.
39th international acm sigir conference	information retrieval co-located	international workshop	information retrieval
Locality discriminating indexing for document classification.
locality discriminating indexing	document classification
A boosting algorithm for learning bipartite ranking functions with partially labeled data.
learning bipartite ranking functions	partially labeled data	boosting algorithm
On contextual photo tag recommendation.
contextual photo tag recommendation
A web page topic segmentation algorithm based on visual criteria and content layout.
web page topic segmentation algorithm based	content layout	visual criteria
Combining audio content and social context for semantic music discovery.
combining audio content	semantic music discovery	social context
Mapping queries to questions: towards understanding users' information needs.
mapping queries	understanding users
A POMDP model for content-free document re-ranking.
content-free document re-ranking	pomdp model
An experimental study on implicit social recommendation.
implicit social recommendation	experimental study
Improving local search ranking through external logs.
improving local search ranking	external logs
Finding selfies of users in microblogged photos.
microblogged photos	finding selfies
An Architecture for Privacy-Preserving and Replicable High-Recall Retrieval Experiments.
replicable high-recall retrieval experiments
A generation model to unify topic relevance and lexicon-based sentiment for opinion retrieval.
unify topic relevance	lexicon-based sentiment	generation model	opinion retrieval
A rank-aggregation approach to searching for optimal query-specific clusters.
optimal query-specific clusters	rank-aggregation approach
Building simulated queries for known-item topics: an analysis using six european languages.
building simulated queries	known-item topics	european languages
Robust test collections for retrieval evaluation.
robust test collections	retrieval evaluation
Mining tags using social endorsement networks.
social endorsement networks	mining tags
Modeling uncertainty in video retrieval: a retrieval model for uncertain semantic representations of videos.
uncertain semantic representations	modeling uncertainty	video retrieval	retrieval model
On Term Selection Techniques for Patent Prior Art Search.
patent prior art search	term selection techniques
Evolutionary document summarization for disaster management.
evolutionary document summarization	disaster management
The CL-SciSumm Shared Task 2017: Results and Key Insights.
cl-scisumm shared task 2017	key insights
Selection and ranking of text from highly imperfect transcripts for retrieval of video content.
highly imperfect transcripts	video content
Crowdsourcing for information retrieval: principles, methods, and applications.
information retrieval
myDJ: recommending karaoke songs from one's own voice.
recommending karaoke songs
Internet advertising: theory and practice.
internet advertising
Load balancing for partition-based similarity search.
partition-based similarity search	load balancing
Learning with support vector machines for query-by-multiple-examples.
support vector machines
Proceedings of the 2nd Joint Workshop on Bibliometric-enhanced Information Retrieval and Natural Language Processing for Digital Libraries (BIRNDL 2017) co-located with the 40th International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval (SIGIR 2017), Tokyo, Japan, August 11, 2017.
40th international acm sigir conference	2nd joint workshop	natural language processing	bibliometric-enhanced information retrieval	information retrieval	digital libraries
A comparative study of statistical features of language in blogs-vs-splogs.
statistical features	comparative study
Exploiting semantics for improving clinical information retrieval.
improving clinical information retrieval	exploiting semantics
Online result cache invalidation for real-time web search.
online result cache invalidation	real-time web search
A test collection for entity search in DBpedia.
entity search	test collection
Image annotation based on recommendation model.
image annotation based	recommendation model
Bloggers as experts: feed distillation using expert retrieval models.
expert retrieval models	feed distillation
Hypergeometric language models for republished article finding.
republished article finding	hypergeometric language models
Retrieval from Noisy E-Discovery Corpus in the Absence of Training Data.
noisy e-discovery corpus	training data
Counterfactual Evaluation and Learning for Search, Recommendation and Ad Placement.
ad placement	counterfactual evaluation
A ranking approach to target detection for automatic link generation.
automatic link generation	ranking approach	target detection
Fine-grained relevance feedback for XML retrieval.
fine-grained relevance feedback	xml retrieval
Strategy follows technology.
technology
Story segmentation of broadcast news in Arabic, Chinese and English using multi-window features.
broadcast news	multi-window features	story segmentation
Uncovering the unarchived web.
unarchived web
Efficient query construction for large scale data.
efficient query construction	large scale data
Searching by Talking: Analysis of Voice Queries on Mobile Web Search.
mobile web search	voice queries
SIGIR 2017 Tutorial on Health Search (HS2017): A Full-day from Consumers to Clinicians.
sigir 2017 tutorial	health search
Limits of opinion-finding baseline systems.
opinion-finding baseline systems
Jointly Learning Word Embeddings and Latent Topics.
jointly learning word embeddings	latent topics
Dynamic information retrieval modeling.
dynamic information retrieval modeling
To tag or not to tag -: harvesting adjacent metadata in large-scale tagging systems.
large-scale tagging systems	harvesting adjacent metadata
Third International Workshop on Gamification for Information Retrieval (GamifIR 2016).
international workshop	information retrieval
Characterizing and Predicting Enterprise Email Reply Behavior.
predicting enterprise email reply behavior
Parsimonious relevance models.
parsimonious relevance models
A Complete & Comprehensive Movie Review Dataset (CCMR).
complete & comprehensive movie review dataset
Reciprocal rank fusion outperforms condorcet and individual rank learning methods.
reciprocal rank fusion outperforms condorcet	individual rank learning methods
Enhancing Mathematics Information Retrieval.
enhancing mathematics information retrieval
An effective implicit relevance feedback technique using affective, physiological and behavioural features.
effective implicit relevance feedback technique	behavioural features
The use of social media for music analysis and creation within the giantsteps project.
social media	music analysis	giantsteps project
Feature selection for automatic taxonomy induction.
automatic taxonomy induction	feature selection
Learning latent friendship propagation networks with interest awareness for link prediction.
learning latent friendship propagation networks	link prediction	interest awareness
Enhancing web search by mining search and browse logs.
enhancing web search	mining search	browse logs
Late fusion of compact composite descriptorsfor retrieval from heterogeneous image databases.
compact composite descriptorsfor retrieval	heterogeneous image databases	late fusion
Semi-supervised spam filtering using aggressive consistency learning.
semi-supervised spam filtering	aggressive consistency learning
Default Theory of Defeasible Entailment.
default theory	defeasible entailment
Abstract Normative Systems: Semantics and Proof Theory.
abstract normative systems	proof theory
Declarative Solver Development: Case Studies.
declarative solver development	case studies
Using Answer Set Programming for Solving Boolean Games.
solving boolean games	answer set programming
Model Checking Unbounded Artifact-Centric Systems.
model checking unbounded artifact-centric systems
Using Metric Temporal Logic to Specify Scheduling Problems.
metric temporal logic	scheduling problems
Reasoning about Equilibria in Game-Like Concurrent Systems.
concurrent systems
Situation Calculus Based Programs for Representing and Reasoning about Game Structures.
situation calculus based programs	game structures
An Axiomatic Framework for Influence Diagram Computation with Partially Ordered Utilities.
influence diagram computation	partially ordered utilities	axiomatic framework
Automated Complexity Proofs for Qualitative Spatial and Temporal Calculi.
automated complexity proofs	qualitative spatial	temporal calculi
Thinking Inside the Box: A Comprehensive Spatial Representation for Video Analysis.
comprehensive spatial representation	thinking inside	video analysis
Area Chairs and Program Committee.
program committee	area chairs
Online Situation-Determined Agents and their Supervision.
online situation-determined agents
Peer-to-Peer Query Answering with Inconsistent Knowledge.
peer-to-peer query answering	inconsistent knowledge
Bounded Situation Calculus Action Theories and Decidable Verification.
bounded situation calculus action theories	decidable verification
The Temporal Logic of Token Causes.
temporal logic
Generalized Multi-Context Systems.
generalized multi-context systems
Independence and Functional Dependence Relations on Secrets.
functional dependence relations
Worst-Case Optimal Reasoning with Forest Logic Programs.
worst-case optimal reasoning	forest logic programs
David Poole's Specificity Revised.
specificity revised	david poole
On the Progression of Knowledge in Multiagent Systems.
multiagent systems
Belief Revision in the Propositional Closure of a Qualitative Algebra.
belief revision	qualitative algebra	propositional closure
First-Order Default Logic Revisited.
first-order default logic revisited
Ambiguous Language and Differences in Beliefs.
ambiguous language
Repair and Prediction (under Inconsistency) in Large Biological Networks with Answer Set Programming.
large biological networks	answer set programming
Improving Query Answering over DL-Lite Ontologies.
improving query answering	dl-lite ontologies
Preface.
preface
A Decidable Class of Groundable Formulas in the General Theory of Stable Models.
stable models	decidable class	groundable formulas	general theory
Commonsense Causal Reasoning between Short Texts.
commonsense causal reasoning	short texts
A Logic for Non-Terminating Golog Programs.
non-terminating golog programs
On First-Order μ-Calculus over Situation Calculus Action Theories.
situation calculus action theories	first-order μ-calculus
Analyzing the Computational Complexity of Abstract Dialectical Frameworks via Approximation Fixpoint Theory.
abstract dialectical frameworks	approximation fixpoint theory	computational complexity
Tutorials.
tutorials
Homogeneous Logical Proportions: Their Uniqueness and Their Role in Similarity-Based Prediction.
homogeneous logical proportions	similarity-based prediction
A First Experimental Demonstration of Massive Knowledge Infusion.
massive knowledge infusion	experimental demonstration
Efficiently Computable Datalog∃ Programs.
efficiently computable datalog∃ programs
Area Chairs and Program Committee.
program committee	area chairs
Belief Revision of Logic Programs under Answer Set Semantics.
answer set semantics	belief revision	logic programs
Datalog+/-: Questions and Answers.
datalog+/-
Stable Models of Multi-Valued Formulas: Partial versus Total Functions.
partial versus total functions	stable models	multi-valued formulas
Reasoning about Truthfulness of Agents Using Answer Set Programming.
answer set programming
Multi-Agent Only-Knowing Revisited.
multi-agent only-knowing revisited
A Logical Understanding of Legal Interpretation.
legal interpretation	logical understanding
Model Checking Well-Behaved Fragments of HS: The (Almost) Final Picture.
model checking well-behaved fragments	final picture
Negation Without Negation in Probabilistic Logic Programming.
probabilistic logic programming
Boolean Hedonic Games.
boolean hedonic games
An Analysis of the Equational Properties of the Well-Founded Fixed Point.
well-founded fixed point	equational properties
Reasoning about Context in Ambient Intelligence Environments: A Report from the Field.
ambient intelligence environments
How to Choose Weightings to Avoid Collisions in a Restricted Penalty Logic.
restricted penalty logic	avoid collisions	choose weightings
Efficient Argumentation for Medical Decision-Making.
medical decision-making	efficient argumentation
Ontology-Based Monitoring of Dynamic Systems.
ontology-based monitoring	dynamic systems
Diagnosis as Planning Revisited.
planning revisited
Formalising Temporal Constraints on Part-Whole Relations.
formalising temporal constraints
Stable Models in Generalized Possibilistic Logic.
generalized possibilistic logic	stable models
New Advances in Sequential Diagnosis.
sequential diagnosis
Search Strategy Simulation in Constraint Booleanization.
search strategy simulation	constraint booleanization
Fixpoints and Iterated Updates in Abstract Argumentation.
abstract argumentation	iterated updates
Formalizing Psychological Knowledge in Answer Set Programming.
formalizing psychological knowledge	answer set programming
Dealing with Incomplete Agents' Preferences and an Uncertain Agenda in Group Decision Making via Sequential Majority Voting.
sequential majority voting	group decision making	uncertain agenda	incomplete agents
A SAT Approach for Maximizing Satisfiability in Qualitative Spatial and Temporal Constraint Networks.
temporal constraint networks	sat approach	qualitative spatial	maximizing satisfiability
Path-Based Identification Constraints in Description Logics.
path-based identification constraints	description logics
Preferential Semantics for Plausible Subsumption in Possibility Theory.
preferential semantics	possibility theory	plausible subsumption
View-Based Query Answering over Description Logic Ontologies.
view-based query answering	description logic ontologies
Polynomial Combined Rewritings for Existential Rules.
polynomial combined rewritings	existential rules
A Layered Graph Representation for Complex Regions.
layered graph representation	complex regions
A Multi-Aspect Evaluation Framework for Comments on the Social Web.
multi-aspect evaluation framework	social web
How to Argue for Anything: Enforcing Arbitrary Sets of Labellings using AFs.
enforcing arbitrary sets
Worst-Case Optimal Reasoning for the Horn-DL Fragments of OWL 1 and 2.
worst-case optimal reasoning	horn-dl fragments
Appropriate Causal Models and Stability of Causation.
causal models
Behavior Composition in the Presence of Failure.
behavior composition
Injecting the How into the What: Investigating a Finite Classical Logic.
finite classical logic
Cognitive Affordance Representations in Uncertain Logic.
cognitive affordance representations	uncertain logic
A Higher-Order Semantics for Metaquerying in OWL 2 QL.
higher-order semantics	owl 2 ql
Interactions between Time and Knowledge in a First-order Logic for Multi-Agent Systems.
multi-agent systems	first-order logic
Model-Theoretic Characterization of Asher and Vieu's Ontology of Mereotopology.
model-theoretic characterization
Understanding Ontological Levels.
understanding ontological levels
Vienna Summer of Logic.
vienna summer
Revision of an Argumentation System.
argumentation system
Finding Explanations of Inconsistency in Multi-Context Systems.
multi-context systems	finding explanations
Expressive Description Logic with Instantiation Metamodelling.
expressive description logic	instantiation metamodelling
I Don't Want to Think About it Now: Decision Theory with Costly Computation.
costly computation	decision theory
A Correctness Result for Reasoning about One-Dimensional Planning Problems.
one-dimensional planning problems	correctness result
Temporal Composite Actions with Constraints.
temporal composite actions
Discontinuity-Free Decision Support with Quantitative Argumentation Debates.
quantitative argumentation debates	discontinuity-free decision support
Extending Consequence-Based Reasoning to SRIQ.
extending consequence-based reasoning
Equilibria in Social Belief Removal.
social belief removal
On Unit-Refutation Complete Formulae with Existentially Quantified Variables.
unit-refutation complete formulae	existentially quantified variables
Representing Structured Objects using Description Graphs.
representing structured objects	description graphs
Scenario Update Applied to Causal Reasoning.
scenario update applied	causal reasoning
On the Application of the Disjunctive Syllogism in Paraconsistent Logics Based on Four States of Information.
paraconsistent logics based	disjunctive syllogism
Decidable Reasoning in a Fragment of the Epistemic Situation Calculus.
epistemic situation calculus	decidable reasoning
Belief Revision with Sensing and Fallible Actions.
belief revision	fallible actions
Transforming Situation Calculus Action Theories for Optimised Reasoning.
transforming situation calculus action theories	optimised reasoning
Set-Oriented Logical Connectives: Syntax and Semantics.
set-oriented logical connectives
Strong Equivalence of Qualitative Optimization Problems.
qualitative optimization problems	strong equivalence
On the Progression Semantics and Boundedness of Answer Set Programs.
answer set programs	progression semantics
SmartPM: An Adaptive Process Management System through Situation Calculus, IndiGolog, and Classical Planning.
adaptive process management system	classical planning	situation calculus
Practical Reasoning with Nominals in the EL Family of Description Logics.
el family	practical reasoning	description logics
A Principled Framework for Modular Web Rule Bases and Its Semantics.
modular web rule bases	principled framework
Encoding Large RCC8 Scenarios Using Rectangular Pseudo-Solutions.
encoding large rcc8 scenarios	rectangular pseudo-solutions
Compositional Belief Merging.
compositional belief merging
Bayesian Deduction with Subjective Opinions.
subjective opinions	bayesian deduction
Answering Instance Queries Relaxed by Concept Similarity.
answering instance queries relaxed	concept similarity
Modelling Time and Reliability in Structured Argumentation Frameworks.
structured argumentation frameworks	modelling time
Simultaneous Learning and Prediction.
simultaneous learning
Stable Models of Formulas with Intensional Functions.
stable models	intensional functions
Reasoning about Actions and Change: From Single Agent Actions to Multi-Agent Actions (Extended Abstract).
single agent actions	extended abstract	multi-agent actions
On the Classical Content of Monadic G with Involutive Negation and its Application to a Fuzzy Medical Expert System.
fuzzy medical expert system	classical content	involutive negation
State-Boundedness in Data-Aware Dynamic Systems.
data-aware dynamic systems
Defaults and Normality in Causal Structures.
causal structures
Implicit Constraints for Qualitative Spatial and Temporal Reasoning.
temporal reasoning	implicit constraints	qualitative spatial
A Logical Account of Institutions: From Acceptances to Norms via Legislators.
logical account
Strong Equivalence of Non-Monotonic Temporal Theories.
non-monotonic temporal theories	strong equivalence
Promises Kept, Promises Broken: An Axiomatic and Quantitative Treatment of Fulfillment.
quantitative treatment
Aggregative Deontic Detachment for Normative Reasoning.
aggregative deontic detachment	normative reasoning
Probabilistic Models over Weighted Orderings: Fixed-Parameter Tractable Variable Elimination.
fixed-parameter tractable variable elimination	probabilistic models	weighted orderings
Planning Graphs and Propositional Clause-Learning.
propositional clause-learning	planning graphs
Approximate Reasoning in First-Order Logic Theories.
first-order logic theories	approximate reasoning
Distributed Nonmonotonic Multi-Context Systems.
distributed nonmonotonic multi-context systems
Taxonomy of Improvement Operators and the Problem of Minimal Change.
improvement operators	minimal change
Towards Parallel Nonmonotonic Reasoning with Billions of Facts.
parallel nonmonotonic reasoning
On Notions of Causality and Distributed Knowledge.
distributed knowledge
Justified Beliefs by Justified Arguments.
justified arguments	justified beliefs
Undecidability Results for Database-Inspired Reasoning Problems in Very Expressive Description Logics.
expressive description logics	database-inspired reasoning problems	undecidability results
On the Complexity of Planning Operator Subsumption.
planning operator subsumption
Principles of Knowledge Representation and Reasoning: Proceedings of the Thirteenth International Conference, KR 2012, Rome, Italy, June 10-14, 2012
thirteenth international conference	june 10-14	knowledge representation
Invited Presentations at the Twelfth International Conference on Principles of Knowledge Representation and Reasoning.
twelfth international conference	knowledge representation	invited presentations
Declarative Entity Resolution via Matching Dependencies and Answer Set Programs.
answer set programs	declarative entity resolution	matching dependencies
From Causal Models To Counterfactual Structures.
causal models	counterfactual structures
Representing and Reasoning about Time Travel Narratives: Foundational Concepts.
time travel narratives	foundational concepts
Building Epistemic Logic from Observations and Public Announcements.
building epistemic logic	public announcements
Decidability of a Description Logic over Infinite-Valued Product Logic.
infinite-valued product logic	description logic
A General Modifier-Based Framework for Inconsistency-Tolerant Query Answering.
general modifier-based framework	inconsistency-tolerant query answering
Forgetting Revisited.
forgetting revisited
Paradoxes of Multiple Elections: An Approximation Approach.
multiple elections	approximation approach
Horn Clause Belief Change: Contraction Functions.
horn clause belief change	contraction functions
Beyond Nash Equilibrium: Solution Concepts for the 21st Century.
solution concepts	nash equilibrium	21st century
Rough Set Semantics for Identity on the Web.
rough set semantics
Nominal Schemas in Description Logics: Complexities Clarified.
nominal schemas	complexities clarified	description logics
Specifying and Reasoning with Underspecified Knowledge Bases Using Answer Set Programming.
underspecified knowledge bases	answer set programming
ASP Encodings of Acyclicity Properties.
acyclicity properties	asp encodings
Approximations and Refinements of Certain Answers via Many-Valued Logics.
many-valued logics
Using Defeasible Information to Obtain Coherence.
obtain coherence	defeasible information
Unions of Conjunctive Queries in SHOQ.
conjunctive queries
Tutorial Presentations at the Twelfth International Conference on Principles of Knowledge Representation and Reasoning.
twelfth international conference	knowledge representation	tutorial presentations
Principles of Knowledge Representation and Reasoning: Proceedings of the Eleventh International Conference, KR 2008, Sydney, Australia, September 16-19, 2008
eleventh international conference	september 16-19	knowledge representation
Conference Committee.
conference committee
Characteristics of Multiple Viewpoints in Abstract Argumentation.
abstract argumentation	multiple viewpoints
Notions of Strong Equivalence for Logic Programs with Ordered Disjunction.
logic programs	ordered disjunction	strong equivalence
Argumentative Approaches to Reasoning with Maximal Consistency.
argumentative approaches	maximal consistency
State Defaults and Ramifications in the Unifying Action Calculus.
unifying action calculus	state defaults
Non-Uniform Data Complexity of Query Answering in Description Logics.
non-uniform data complexity	description logics	query answering
The Combined Approach to Query Answering in DL-Lite.
query answering	combined approach
The Complexity of Explaining Negative Query Answers in DL-Lite.
explaining negative query answers
Towards a Knowledge Level Analysis of Forgetting.
knowledge level analysis
Complex Epistemic Modalities in the Situation Calculus.
complex epistemic modalities	situation calculus
Reasoning with Logical Proportions.
logical proportions
Imperfect Information in Reactive Modules Games.
reactive modules games	imperfect information
Status QIO: Conjunctive Query Entailment Is Decidable.
conjunctive query entailment	status qio
Paraconsistent Hybrid Theories.
paraconsistent hybrid theories
Weighted Attacks in Argumentation Frameworks.
weighted attacks	argumentation frameworks
Deductive Planning with Inductive Loops.
deductive planning	inductive loops
Reasoning about Agent Deliberation.
agent deliberation
Predicting Performance of OWL Reasoners: Locally or Globally?
predicting performance	owl reasoners
From Preference Logics to Preference Languages, and Back.
preference logics	preference languages
Easy OWL Drawing with the Graphol Visual Ontology Language.
graphol visual ontology language	easy owl drawing
The Modular Structure of an Ontology: An Empirical Study.
empirical study	modular structure
On the Complexity of Axiom Pinpointing in the EL Family of Description Logics.
el family	axiom pinpointing	description logics
An Abstraction Technique for the Verification of Artifact-Centric Systems.
artifact-centric systems	abstraction technique
Answer Set Programming via Mixed Integer Programming.
mixed integer programming	answer set programming
Practical Uniform Interpolation and Forgetting for ALC TBoxes with Applications to Logical Difference.
practical uniform interpolation	alc tboxes	logical difference
Abstracting Abstraction in Search with Applications to Planning.
abstracting abstraction
Embedding Approaches to Combining Rules and Ontologies into Autoepistemic Logic.
embedding approaches	combining rules	autoepistemic logic
Improvement Operators.
improvement operators
Belief Revision within Fragments of Propositional Logic.
belief revision	propositional logic
Model Based Horn Contraction.
model based horn contraction
JASP: A Framework for Integrating Answer Set Programming with Java.
integrating answer set programming
Modelling Combinatorial Auctions in Linear Logic.
modelling combinatorial auctions	linear logic
Tracking Beliefs and Intentions in the Werewolf Game.
werewolf game	tracking beliefs
Stream Reasoning with Answer Set Programming: Preliminary Report.
answer set programming	preliminary report	stream reasoning
Justification Masking in Ontologies.
justification masking
Towards Runtime Support for Norm-Governed Multi-Agent Systems.
norm-governed multi-agent systems	runtime support
Making Decisions through Preference-Based Argumentation.
making decisions	preference-based argumentation
EGuaranteeNash for Boolean Games Is NEXP-Hard.
boolean games
Modular Representation of a Business Process Planner.
business process planner	modular representation
Knowledge-intensive Processes: An Overview of Contemporary Approaches.
contemporary approaches	knowledge-intensive processes
On the Functional Completeness of Argumentation Semantics.
functional completeness	argumentation semantics
Lightweight Description Logics and Branching Time: A Troublesome Marriage.
lightweight description logics	troublesome marriage	branching time
Generalized Consistent Query Answering under Existential Rules.
generalized consistent query answering	existential rules
Exact Learning of Lightweight Description Logic Ontologies.
lightweight description logic ontologies	exact learning
Automated Verification of Epistemic Properties for General Game Playing.
general game playing	automated verification	epistemic properties
Ranking Sets of Possibly Interacting Objects Using Shapley Extensions.
possibly interacting objects	shapley extensions	ranking sets
Towards a Logic of Feature-Based Semantic Science Theories.
feature-based semantic science theories
Skolemization for Weighted First-Order Model Counting.
weighted first-order model counting
Interpreting Topological Logics over Euclidean Spaces.
interpreting topological logics	euclidean spaces
Prompt Alternating-Time Epistemic Logics.
prompt alternating-time epistemic logics
Achieving Completeness in Bounded Model Checking of Action Theories in ASP.
bounded model checking	achieving completeness	action theories
Guiding Planning Engines by Transition-Based Domain Control Knowledge.
transition-based domain control knowledge	guiding planning engines
Canonical Logic Programs are Succinctly Incomparable with Propositional Formulas.
canonical logic programs	propositional formulas	succinctly incomparable
Concept Dissimilarity with Triangle Inequality.
concept dissimilarity	triangle inequality
The Ultimate Guide to Forgetting in Answer Set Programming.
answer set programming	ultimate guide
Anti-Unification of Concepts in Description Logic EL.
description logic el
Stable Model Semantics for Guarded Existential Rules and Description Logics.
guarded existential rules	stable model semantics	description logics
High Performance Query Answering over DL-Lite Ontologies.
high performance query answering	dl-lite ontologies
Tweety: A Comprehensive Collection of Java Libraries for Logical Aspects of Artificial Intelligence and Knowledge Representation.
comprehensive collection	logical aspects	knowledge representation	java libraries	artificial intelligence
Succinctness of Languages for Judgment Aggregation.
judgment aggregation
On Redundant Topological Constraints.
redundant topological constraints
Knowledge Compilation for Lifted Probabilistic Inference: Compiling to a Low-Level Language.
lifted probabilistic inference	knowledge compilation	low-level language
A Formalization of Programs in First-Order Logic with a Discrete Linear Order.
discrete linear order	first-order logic
A Psychology-Inspired Approach to Automated Narrative Text Comprehension.
automated narrative text comprehension	psychology-inspired approach
An SCC Recursive Meta-Algorithm for Computing Preferred Labellings in Abstract Argumentation.
scc recursive meta-algorithm	computing preferred labellings	abstract argumentation
Infinite Paths in the Situation Calculus: Axiomatization and Properties.
infinite paths	situation calculus
Time Representation and Temporal Reasoning from the Perspective of Non-Standard Analysis.
non-standard analysis	time representation	temporal reasoning
Preference Modeling by Weighted Goals with Max Aggregation.
weighted goals	max aggregation	preference modeling
Conference Committee.
conference committee
Complexity of the Description Logic ALCM.
description logic alcm
The Well-Founded Semantics Is the Principle of Inductive Definition, Revisited.
well-founded semantics	inductive definition
Horn Clause Contraction Functions: Belief Set and Belief Base Approaches.
horn clause contraction functions	belief base approaches	belief set
An Abstraction Technique for the Verification of Multi-Agent Systems Against ATL Specifications.
multi-agent systems	atl specifications	abstraction technique
Characterizing Equivalence Notions for Labelling-Based Semantics.
characterizing equivalence notions	labelling-based semantics
Logic Programs with Intensional Functions.
intensional functions	logic programs
Solving PPPP-Complete Problems Using Knowledge Compilation.
solving pppp-complete problems	knowledge compilation
A Lexicographic Inference for Partially Preordered Belief Bases.
partially preordered belief bases	lexicographic inference
Complexity of Propositional Abduction for Restricted Sets of Boolean Functions.
propositional abduction	restricted sets	boolean functions
The Parameterized Complexity of Reasoning Problems Beyond NP.
reasoning problems	parameterized complexity
Dynamic Causal Calculus.
dynamic causal calculus
Axiomatic Foundations of Acceptability Semantics.
axiomatic foundations	acceptability semantics
Integrating Action Calculi and AgentSpeak: Closing the Gap.
integrating action calculi
On Egalitarian Belief Merging.
egalitarian belief merging
Identifying Objects Over Time with Description Logics.
identifying objects	description logics
On the Small-Scope Hypothesis for Testing Answer-Set Programs.
testing answer-set programs	small-scope hypothesis
A Dynamic Logic Framework for Abstract Argumentation.
dynamic logic framework	abstract argumentation
Sponsors.
sponsors
Semantically-Governed Data-Aware Processes.
semantically-governed data-aware processes
Merging of Abstract Argumentation Frameworks.
abstract argumentation frameworks
Complexity of Abduction in the EL Family of Lightweight Description Logics.
lightweight description logics	el family
A Bipolar Framework for Combining Beliefs about Vague Propositions.
bipolar framework	vague propositions	combining beliefs
Inconsistency Management Policies.
inconsistency management policies
Finite Model Reasoning in Horn Description Logics.
finite model reasoning	horn description logics
Probabilistic Description Logics for Subjective Uncertainty.
probabilistic description logics	subjective uncertainty
Minimal Change in AGM Revision for Non-Classical Logics.
agm revision	non-classical logics	minimal change
Logic Programs with Ordered Disjunction: First-Order Semantics and Expressiveness.
first-order semantics	ordered disjunction	logic programs
Quantifying Conflicts for Spatial and Temporal Information.
temporal information	quantifying conflicts
Diagnostic Problem Solving via Planning with Ontic and Epistemic Goals.
diagnostic problem solving	epistemic goals
Some Complexity Results on Inconsistency Measurement.
complexity results	inconsistency measurement
How to Progress Beliefs in Continuous Domains.
continuous domains	progress beliefs
A MIS Partition Based Framework for Measuring Inconsistency.
mis partition based framework	measuring inconsistency
Principles of Knowledge Representation and Reasoning: Proceedings of the Fifteenth International Conference, KR 2016, Cape Town, South Africa, April 25-29, 2016.
fifteenth international conference	south africa	cape town	knowledge representation	april 25-29
Robust Equivalence Models for Semantic Updates of Answer-Set Programs.
robust equivalence models	semantic updates	answer-set programs
Dynamic Logic on Games with Structured Strategies.
dynamic logic	structured strategies
ConGolog, Sin Trans: Compiling ConGolog into Basic Action Theories for Planning and Beyond.
basic action theories	sin trans
A Class of df-Consistencies for Qualitative Constraint Networks.
qualitative constraint networks
Preference and Priorities: A Study Based on Contrction.
study based
Rewriting Ontological Queries into Small Nonrecursive Datalog Programs.
small nonrecursive datalog programs	rewriting ontological queries
One Hundred Prisoners and a Lightbulb - Logic and Computation.
hundred prisoners
A Characterization of Optimality Criteria for Decision Making under Complete Ignorance.
complete ignorance	decision making	optimality criteria
Measuring Inconsistency through Minimal Inconsistent Sets.
minimal inconsistent sets	measuring inconsistency
An Efficient Majority-Rule-Based Approach for Collective Decision Making with CP-Nets.
collective decision making	efficient majority-rule-based approach
Belief Change Operations: A Short History of Nearly Everything, Told in Dynamic Logic of Propositional Assignments.
belief change operations	dynamic logic	propositional assignments	short history
Certain Answers as Objects and Knowledge.
objects
Forgetting in Logic Programs under Strong Equivalence.
strong equivalence	logic programs
Reasoning with Uncertain Inputs in Possibilistic Networks.
uncertain inputs	possibilistic networks
Unsupervised Grounding of Textual Descriptions of Object Features and Actions in Video.
object features	unsupervised grounding	textual descriptions
Novel Semantical Approaches to Relational Probabilistic Conditionals.
relational probabilistic conditionals	semantical approaches
Sequential Equilibrium in Games of Imperfect Recall.
imperfect recall	sequential equilibrium
Decomposing Description Logic Ontologies.
decomposing description logic ontologies
Ontology Evolution Under Semantic Constraints.
ontology evolution	semantic constraints
Walking the Decidability Line for Rules with Existential Variables.
existential variables	decidability line
A Generic Querying Algorithm for Greedy Sets of Existential Rules.
generic querying algorithm	greedy sets	existential rules
Invited Talks.
invited talks
Characterizing Updates in Dynamic Epistemic Logic.
dynamic epistemic logic	characterizing updates
Model Checking Multi-Agent Systems against Epistemic HS Specifications with Regular Expressions.
model checking multi-agent systems	epistemic hs specifications	regular expressions
ABA+: Assumption-Based Argumentation with Preferences.
assumption-based argumentation
Linking Iterated Belief Change Operations to Nonmonotonic Reasoning.
linking iterated belief change operations	nonmonotonic reasoning
Maximally Paraconsistent Three-Valued Logics.
maximally paraconsistent three-valued logics
Accuracy and Efficiency of Fixpoint Methods for Approximate Query Answering in Locally Complete Databases.
approximate query answering	locally complete databases	fixpoint methods
Lecture in Remembrance of John McCarthy.
john mccarthy
Belief Change and Base Dependence.
belief change	base dependence
An Abductive Reasoning Approach to the Belief Bias Effect.
abductive reasoning approach	belief bias effect
Satisfiability of Alternating-Time Temporal Epistemic Logic Through Tableaux.
alternating-time temporal epistemic logic
Forgetting in Action.
action
Open-World Probabilistic Databases.
open-world probabilistic databases
How Many Toes Do I Have? Parthood and Number Restrictions in Description Logics.
description logics	number restrictions
Preferences, Planning and Control.
control
Representative Solutions for Multi-Objective Constraint Optimization Problems.
multi-objective constraint optimization problems	representative solutions
A Temporal Logic of Strategic Knowledge.
strategic knowledge	temporal logic
Assertion Absorption in Object Queries over Knowledge Bases.
assertion absorption	knowledge bases	object queries
Acyclicity Conditions and their Application to Query Answering in Description Logics.
acyclicity conditions	description logics	query answering
Towards Fixed-Parameter Tractable Algorithms for Argumentation.
fixed-parameter tractable algorithms
Relational Logistic Regression.
relational logistic regression
Answer Set Programming with Functions.
answer set programming
Bisimulations on Data Graphs.
data graphs
Minimality Postulates for Ontology Revision.
minimality postulates	ontology revision
On OBDDs for CNFs of Bounded Treewidth.
bounded treewidth
Efficient Dominance Testing for Unconditional Preferences.
efficient dominance testing	unconditional preferences
Only-Knowing Meets Nonmonotonic Modal Logic.
only-knowing meets nonmonotonic modal logic
The Winograd Schema Challenge.
winograd schema challenge
Decidable Reasoning in a Logic of Limited Belief with Function Symbols.
limited belief	decidable reasoning	function symbols
Axiomatizing Rationality.
axiomatizing rationality
Reasoning with Qualitative Preferences and Cardinalities using Generalized Circumscription.
qualitative preferences	generalized circumscription
On Referring Expressions in Query Answering over First Order Knowledge Bases.
order knowledge bases	referring expressions	query answering
Computing Inconsistency Measurements under Multi-Valued Semantics by Partial Max-SAT Solvers.
computing inconsistency measurements	partial max-sat solvers	multi-valued semantics
Solving Puzzles Described in English by Automated Translation to Answer Set Programming and Learning How to Do that Translation.
answer set programming	solving puzzles
Compactness and Its Implications for Qualitative Spatial and Temporal Reasoning.
temporal reasoning	qualitative spatial
Computing Default Extensions by Reductions on OR.
computing default extensions
First-Order Strong Progression for Local-Effect Basic Action Theories.
local-effect basic action theories	first-order strong progression
Taming the Infinite Chase: Query Answering under Expressive Relational Constraints.
expressive relational constraints	query answering	infinite chase
RIQ and SROIQ Are Harder than SHOIQ.
shoiq
Reasoning about Deterministic Actions with Probabilistic Prior and Application to Stochastic Filtering.
deterministic actions	probabilistic prior	stochastic filtering
Regular Open APIs.
regular open apis
Knowledge Maps of Web Graphs.
web graphs	knowledge maps
Synthesizing Agent Protocols From LTL Specifications Against Multiple Partially-Observable Environments.
synthesizing agent protocols	multiple partially-observable environments	ltl specifications
An Abstract Logical Approach to Characterizing Strong Equivalence in Logic-based Knowledge Representation Formalisms.
logic-based knowledge representation formalisms	characterizing strong equivalence	abstract logical approach
Computing Loops with at Most One External Support Rule.
external support rule	computing loops
Undecidability of Fuzzy Description Logics.
fuzzy description logics
Invited Talks.
invited talks
On Partial Information and Contradictions in Probabilistic Abstract Argumentation.
probabilistic abstract argumentation	partial information
Linear Programs for Measuring Inconsistency in Probabilistic Logics.
linear programs	probabilistic logics	measuring inconsistency
Ordered Epistemic Logic: Semantics, Complexity and Applications.
ordered epistemic logic
Paracoherent Answer Set Programming.
paracoherent answer set programming
Revising Partial Pre-Orders with Partial Pre-Orders: A Unit-Based Revision Framework.
unit-based revision framework	revising partial pre-orders	partial pre-orders
jArgSemSAT: An Efficient Off-the-Shelf Solver for Abstract Argumentation Frameworks.
efficient off-the-shelf solver	abstract argumentation frameworks
On the Relative Expressiveness of ADL and Golog: The Last Piece in the Puzzle.
relative expressiveness
Pushing the Limits of Reasoning over Ontologies with Hidden Content.
hidden content
Relational Preference Rules for Control.
relational preference rules
Interval Methods for Judgment Aggregation in Argumentation.
interval methods	judgment aggregation
LTL over Description Logic Axioms.
description logic axioms
Action Theory Erasure and Minimal Change.
action theory erasure	minimal change
Ranking Arguments With Compensation-Based Semantics.
ranking arguments	compensation-based semantics
On Expressibility of Non-Monotone Operators in SPARQL.
non-monotone operators
On the Revision of Argumentation Systems: Minimal Change of Arguments Statuses.
arguments statuses	argumentation systems	minimal change
Generalized Ontology-Based Production Systems.
generalized ontology-based production systems
Closed Predicates in Description Logics: Results on Combined Complexity.
combined complexity	closed predicates	description logics
Action Theories over Generalized Databases with Equality Constraints (Extended Abstract).
action theories	equality constraints	generalized databases	extended abstract
Implicit Hitting Set Algorithms for Reasoning Beyond NP.
implicit hitting set algorithms
Preface.
preface
Tackling Winograd Schemas by Formalizing Relevance Theory in Knowledge Graphs.
tackling winograd schemas	formalizing relevance theory	knowledge graphs
A Logical Framework to Represent and Reason about Graded Preferences and Intentions.
logical framework	graded preferences
Qualitative Spatial Representation and Reasoning in Angry Birds: The Extended Rectangle Algebra.
extended rectangle algebra	qualitative spatial representation	angry birds
Semantic Preferential Subsumption.
semantic preferential subsumption
A Logic-Based Approach to Business Process Customization.
business process customization	logic-based approach
Heuristic Guided Optimization for Propositional Planning.
heuristic guided optimization	propositional planning
Axioms .2 and .4 as Interaction Axioms.
interaction axioms
Finding the Next Solution in Constraint- and Preference-Based Knowledge Representation Formalisms.
preference-based knowledge representation formalisms
A First-Order Semantics for Golog and ConGolog under a Second-Order Induction Axiom for Situations.
second-order induction axiom	first-order semantics
Integrated Data and Process Management: Finally?
integrated data	process management
Proceedings of the 1st International Workshop on Knowledge-intensive Business Processes, KiBP@KR 2012, Rome, Italy, June 15, 2012
knowledge-intensive business processes	1st international workshop	kibp@kr 2012
Automatic Detection of Business Process Interference.
business process interference	automatic detection
An Automata-Theoretic Approach to Uniform Interpolation and Approximation in the Description Logic EL.
description logic el	automata-theoretic approach	uniform interpolation
Conjunctive Query Answering with OWL 2 QL.
conjunctive query answering	owl 2 ql
Conflict-Based Diagnosis of Discrete Event Systems: Theory and Practice.
discrete event systems	conflict-based diagnosis
Query and Predicate Emptiness in Description Logics.
predicate emptiness	description logics
A Knowledge-based Approach to the Configuration of Business Process Model Abstractions.
business process model abstractions	knowledge-based approach
Ontologies for Dates and Duration.
duration
Credibility-Limited Revision Operators in Propositional Logic.
credibility-limited revision operators	propositional logic
On Loop Formulas with Variables.
loop formulas
On Logics and Semantics of Indeterminate Causation.
indeterminate causation
Belief Change and Semiorders.
belief change
Abstract Argumentation for Case-Based Reasoning.
case-based reasoning	abstract argumentation
Complexity-Sensitive Decision Procedures for Abstract Argumentation.
complexity-sensitive decision procedures	abstract argumentation
Exchanging Description Logic Knowledge Bases.
exchanging description logic knowledge bases
The Semantics of Gringo and Infinitary Propositional Formulas.
infinitary propositional formulas
Principles of Knowledge Representation and Reasoning: Proceedings of the Fourteenth International Conference, KR 2014, Vienna, Austria, July 20-24, 2014
fourteenth international conference	july 20-24	knowledge representation
Nested Regular Path Queries in Description Logics.
nested regular path queries	description logics
Containment in Monadic Disjunctive Datalog, MMSNP, and Expressive Description Logics.
monadic disjunctive datalog	expressive description logics
Conflict-Driven Disjunctive Answer Set Solving.
conflict-driven disjunctive answer set solving
On the Justification of Statements in Argumentation-based Reasoning.
argumentation-based reasoning
Abstract Dialectical Frameworks.
abstract dialectical frameworks
Generalized Planning with Loops under Strong Fairness Constraints.
strong fairness constraints	generalized planning
Characterizing Strong Equivalence for Argumentation Frameworks.
characterizing strong equivalence	argumentation frameworks
Weighted Rules under the Stable Model Semantics.
stable model semantics	weighted rules
Probabilistic Sentential Decision Diagrams.
probabilistic sentential decision diagrams
Knowledge Graph Embedding by Flexible Translation.
knowledge graph embedding	flexible translation
Can You Tell the Difference Between DL-Lite Ontologies?.
dl-lite ontologies
Computing Narratives of Cognitive User Experience for Building Design Analysis: KR for Industry Scale Computer-Aided Architecture Design.
industry scale computer-aided architecture design	building design analysis	cognitive user experience	computing narratives
Business Processes Verification with Temporal Answer Set Programming.
temporal answer set programming	business processes verification
Ontology Generation through the Fusion of Partial Reuse and Relation Extraction.
ontology generation	relation extraction	partial reuse
Principles of Knowledge Representation and Reasoning: Proceedings of the Twelfth International Conference, KR 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, May 9-13, 2010
twelfth international conference	knowledge representation
Decidable Gödel Description Logics without the Finitely-Valued Model Property.
finitely-valued model property	ödel description logics
Horn Belief Contraction: Remainders, Envelopes and Complexity.
horn belief contraction
Tractable Answer-Set Programming with Weight Constraints: Bounded Treewidth Is not Enough.
tractable answer-set programming	bounded treewidth	weight constraints
From Justifications Towards Proofs for Ontology Engineering.
ontology engineering
Proving Goal Achievability.
proving goal achievability
Limiting Logical Violations in Ontology Alignnment Through Negotiation.
limiting logical violations	ontology alignnment
Cartesian Situations and Knowledge Decomposition in the Situation Calculus.
knowledge decomposition	cartesian situations	situation calculus
Foundations for Generalized Planning in Unbounded Stochastic Domains.
unbounded stochastic domains	generalized planning
An Abstract Argumentation Framework with Varied-Strength Attacks.
abstract argumentation framework	varied-strength attacks
Query Inseparability for Description Logic Knowledge Bases.
description logic knowledge bases	query inseparability
Joint Revision of Beliefs and Intention.
joint revision
Extending Unification in EL Towards General TBoxes.
extending unification	general tboxes
Conflict-Based Merging Operators.
conflict-based merging operators
A Complete First-Order Logic of Knowledge and Time.
complete first-order logic
Query Containment in Description Logics Reconsidered.
description logics reconsidered	query containment
Query-Based Comparison of Mappings in Ontology-Based Data Access.
ontology-based data access	query-based comparison
Fixed-Parameter Algorithms for Finding Minimal Models.
finding minimal models	fixed-parameter algorithms
Revising General Knowledge Bases in Description Logics.
revising general knowledge bases	description logics
Consolidating Probabilistic Knowledge Bases via Belief Contraction.
consolidating probabilistic knowledge bases	belief contraction
Parameterized Complexity Results for Symbolic Model Checking of Temporal Logics.
symbolic model checking	parameterized complexity results	temporal logics
Constructive Negation in Extensional Higher-Order Logic Programming.
extensional higher-order logic programming	constructive negation
From Knowledge Represented in Frame-Based Languages to Declarative Representation and Reasoning via ASP.
frame-based languages	knowledge represented	declarative representation
Unifying PAC and Regret: Uniform PAC Bounds for Episodic Reinforcement Learning.
episodic reinforcement learning	uniform pac bounds	unifying pac
Improved Moves for Truncated Convex Models.
truncated convex models	improved moves
Active Learning of Model Evidence Using Bayesian Quadrature.
model evidence	bayesian quadrature	active learning
Coding efficiency and detectability of rate fluctuations with non-Poisson neuronal firing.
non-poisson neuronal firing	rate fluctuations	coding efficiency
Abstraction and Relational learning.
relational learning
Assessing Blinding in Clinical Trials.
assessing blinding	clinical trials
Conditional Generative Moment-Matching Networks.
conditional generative moment-matching networks
Trading Computation for Communication: Distributed Stochastic Dual Coordinate Ascent.
distributed stochastic dual coordinate ascent	trading computation
Graph-Valued Regression.
graph-valued regression
Over-complete representations on recurrent neural networks can support persistent percepts.
support persistent percepts	recurrent neural networks	over-complete representations
A simple example of Dirichlet process mixture inconsistency for the number of components.
dirichlet process mixture inconsistency
Texture Synthesis Using Convolutional Neural Networks.
convolutional neural networks	texture synthesis
Infinite State Bayes-Nets for Structured Domains.
infinite state bayes-nets	structured domains
Clustering sequence sets for motif discovery.
clustering sequence sets	motif discovery
Sparse Metric Learning via Smooth Optimization.
sparse metric learning	smooth optimization
Dual Learning for Machine Translation.
dual learning	machine translation
Smooth Interactive Submodular Set Cover.
smooth interactive submodular set cover
A* Sampling.
* sampling
Multi-Bandit Best Arm Identification.
arm identification
Reward Mapping for Transfer in Long-Lived Agents.
reward mapping	long-lived agents
Tree-Structured Reinforcement Learning for Sequential Object Localization.
sequential object localization	tree-structured reinforcement learning
Strategy Grafting in Extensive Games.
strategy grafting	extensive games
Analyzing 3D Objects in Cluttered Images.
analyzing 3d objects	cluttered images
Matrix Completion from Power-Law Distributed Samples.
power-law distributed samples	matrix completion
Bayesian Optimization with Gradients.
bayesian optimization
Reducing statistical dependencies in natural signals using radial Gaussianization.
reducing statistical dependencies	radial gaussianization	natural signals
DESPOT: Online POMDP Planning with Regularization.
online pomdp planning
Density Estimation via Discrepancy Based Adaptive Sequential Partition.
discrepancy based adaptive sequential partition	density estimation
DFacTo: Distributed Factorization of Tensors.
distributed factorization
Non-separable Spatiotemporal Brain Hemodynamics Contain Neural Information.
non-separable spatiotemporal brain hemodynamics	neural information
SpaRCS: Recovering low-rank and sparse matrices from compressive measurements.
compressive measurements	recovering low-rank	sparse matrices
On the asymptotic equivalence between differential Hebbian and temporal difference learning using a local third factor.
temporal difference learning	differential hebbian	asymptotic equivalence
High-Order Multi-Task Feature Learning to Identify Longitudinal Phenotypic Markers for Alzheimer's Disease Progression Prediction.
high-order multi-task feature learning	identify longitudinal phenotypic markers	disease progression prediction
Submodular-Bregman and the Lovász-Bregman Divergences with Applications.
lovász-bregman divergences
A Two-Stage Weighting Framework for Multi-Source Domain Adaptation.
multi-source domain adaptation	two-stage weighting framework
Majorization for CRFs and Latent Likelihoods.
latent likelihoods
Infinite Relational Modeling of Functional Connectivity in Resting State fMRI.
infinite relational modeling	resting state fmri	functional connectivity
Fast Rates for Regularized Objectives.
regularized objectives	fast rates
A Locally Adaptive Normal Distribution.
locally adaptive normal distribution
Biologically Inspired Dynamic Textures for Probing Motion Perception.
biologically inspired dynamic textures	probing motion perception
Optimal Teaching for Limited-Capacity Human Learners.
limited-capacity human learners	optimal teaching
Heterogeneous Component Analysis.
heterogeneous component analysis
Tractable Operations for Arithmetic Circuits of Probabilistic Models.
probabilistic models	tractable operations	arithmetic circuits
Tractable Objectives for Robust Policy Optimization.
robust policy optimization	tractable objectives
Algorithms for Learning Markov Field Policies.
learning markov field policies
Integrating Locally Learned Causal Structures with Overlapping Variables.
integrating locally learned causal structures	overlapping variables
Inverse Reward Design.
inverse reward design
Top-k Multiclass SVM.
multiclass svm
Submodular Hamming Metrics.
submodular hamming metrics
Explore no more: Improved high-probability regret bounds for non-stochastic bandits.
improved high-probability regret bounds	non-stochastic bandits
Bandit Convex Optimization: Towards Tight Bounds.
bandit convex optimization	tight bounds
Efficient Partial Monitoring with Prior Information.
efficient partial monitoring	prior information
Multi-Resolution Cascades for Multiclass Object Detection.
multiclass object detection	multi-resolution cascades
Efficient Minimax Strategies for Square Loss Games.
square loss games	efficient minimax strategies
Theoretical Analysis of Learning with Reward-Modulated Spike-Timing-Dependent Plasticity.
reward-modulated spike-timing-dependent plasticity	theoretical analysis
Scene Segmentation with CRFs Learned from Partially Labeled Images.
partially labeled images	scene segmentation	crfs learned
Robust Imitation of Diverse Behaviors.
diverse behaviors	robust imitation
A multi-agent control framework for co-adaptation in brain-computer interfaces.
multi-agent control framework	brain-computer interfaces
Online Gradient Boosting.
online gradient boosting
Eliciting Categorical Data for Optimal Aggregation.
eliciting categorical data	optimal aggregation
Optimal Response Initiation: Why Recent Experience Matters.
optimal response initiation	recent experience matters
PRUNE: Preserving Proximity and Global Ranking for Network Embedding.
network embedding	preserving proximity	global ranking
Robust Regression and Lasso.
robust regression
Action is in the Eye of the Beholder: Eye-gaze Driven Model for Spatio-Temporal Action Localization.
eye-gaze driven model	spatio-temporal action localization
Discriminative K-means for Clustering.
discriminative k-means
Breaking Audio CAPTCHAs.
breaking audio captchas
Exact inference and learning for cumulative distribution functions on loopy graphs.
cumulative distribution functions	loopy graphs	exact inference
Convex Two-Layer Modeling with Latent Structure.
convex two-layer modeling	latent structure
Learning Halfspaces with the Zero-One Loss: Time-Accuracy Tradeoffs.
time-accuracy tradeoffs	learning halfspaces
Multiple Operator-valued Kernel Learning.
multiple operator-valued kernel learning
Learning Patient-Specific Cancer Survival Distributions as a Sequence of Dependent Regressors.
learning patient-specific cancer survival distributions	dependent regressors
Structure learning of antiferromagnetic Ising models.
antiferromagnetic ising models	structure learning
Orbit Regularization.
orbit regularization
Speaker Comparison with Inner Product Discriminant Functions.
product discriminant functions	speaker comparison
A Computationally Efficient Method for Estimating Semi Parametric Regression Functions.
estimating semi parametric regression functions	computationally efficient method
Empirical Localization of Homogeneous Divergences on Discrete Sample Spaces.
discrete sample spaces	empirical localization	homogeneous divergences
Conditional Random Fields via Univariate Exponential Families.
univariate exponential families	conditional random fields
Learning the Learning Rate for Prediction with Expert Advice.
expert advice
Factor Modeling for Advertisement Targeting.
factor modeling	advertisement targeting
Supervised Topic Models.
supervised topic models
Metric Learning with Multiple Kernels.
multiple kernels	metric learning
Predicting Action Content On-Line and in Real Time before Action Onset - an Intracranial Human Study.
predicting action content on-line	intracranial human study	action onset	real time
Constructing Topological Maps using Markov Random Fields and Loop-Closure Detection.
markov random fields	constructing topological maps	loop-closure detection
Multi-Task Learning for Contextual Bandits.
contextual bandits	multi-task learning
Layer-wise analysis of deep networks with Gaussian kernels.
gaussian kernels	layer-wise analysis	deep networks
High-Dimensional Graphical Model Selection: Tractable Graph Families and Necessary Conditions.
high-dimensional graphical model selection	tractable graph families
The Product Cut.
product cut
Improving Regret Bounds for Combinatorial Semi-Bandits with Probabilistically Triggered Arms and Its Applications.
probabilistically triggered arms	improving regret bounds	combinatorial semi-bandits
Learning Multiple Tasks using Shared Hypotheses.
learning multiple tasks	shared hypotheses
Training Quantized Nets: A Deeper Understanding.
training quantized nets	deeper understanding
Size Matters: Metric Visual Search Constraints from Monocular Metadata.
metric visual search constraints	monocular metadata	size matters
Skill Characterization Based on Betweenness.
skill characterization based
Hierarchical Matching Pursuit for Image Classification: Architecture and Fast Algorithms.
hierarchical matching pursuit	image classification	fast algorithms
Confusion-Based Online Learning and a Passive-Aggressive Scheme.
confusion-based online learning	passive-aggressive scheme
Self-Paced Learning with Diversity.
self-paced learning
Inferring Algorithmic Patterns with Stack-Augmented Recurrent Nets.
inferring algorithmic patterns	stack-augmented recurrent nets
Mirror Descent Meets Fixed Share (and feels no regret).
mirror descent meets fixed share
One-shot learning and big data with n=2.
one-shot learning	big data
Fast amortized inference of neural activity from calcium imaging data with variational autoencoders.
calcium imaging data	fast amortized inference	variational autoencoders	neural activity
Rescaling, thinning or complementing? On goodness-of-fit procedures for point process models and Generalized Linear Models.
point process models	generalized linear models	goodness-of-fit procedures
Hebbian Learning of Bayes Optimal Decisions.
bayes optimal decisions	hebbian learning
Human Decision-Making under Limited Time.
limited time	human decision-making
Spectral Methods meet EM: A Provably Optimal Algorithm for Crowdsourcing.
spectral methods meet em	provably optimal algorithm
Spiking and saturating dendrites differentially expand single neuron computation capacity.
saturating dendrites differentially expand single neuron computation capacity
Reading Tea Leaves: How Humans Interpret Topic Models.
humans interpret topic models	reading tea leaves
Adaptive Template Matching with Shift-Invariant Semi-NMF.
adaptive template matching	shift-invariant semi-nmf
Efficient Optimization for Sparse Gaussian Process Regression.
sparse gaussian process regression	efficient optimization
Multi-label Multiple Kernel Learning.
multi-label multiple kernel learning
Know Thy Neighbour: A Normative Theory of Synaptic Depression.
normative theory	thy neighbour	synaptic depression
Localized Data Fusion for Kernel k-Means Clustering with Application to Cancer Biology.
kernel k-means clustering	localized data fusion	cancer biology
Orthogonal Matching Pursuit From Noisy Random Measurements: A New Analysis.
orthogonal matching pursuit	noisy random measurements
A Unified Game-Theoretic Approach to Multiagent Reinforcement Learning.
unified game-theoretic approach	multiagent reinforcement learning
Multiple-Play Bandits in the Position-Based Model.
position-based model	multiple-play bandits
Predicting Embedded Syntactic Structures from Natural Language Sentences with Neural Network Approaches.
predicting embedded syntactic structures	neural network approaches	natural language sentences
Model Selection for High-Dimensional Regression under the Generalized Irrepresentability Condition.
generalized irrepresentability condition	high-dimensional regression	model selection
Learning Non-Linear Combinations of Kernels.
learning non-linear combinations
Learning to Search Efficiently in High Dimensions.
search efficiently	high dimensions
VEEGAN: Reducing Mode Collapse in GANs using Implicit Variational Learning.
implicit variational learning	reducing mode collapse
On Multiplicative Multitask Feature Learning.
multiplicative multitask feature learning
Fast Lifted MAP Inference via Partitioning.
fast lifted map inference
Learning with Feature Evolvable Streams.
feature evolvable streams
Implicit encoding of prior probabilities in optimal neural populations.
optimal neural populations	implicit encoding	prior probabilities
Probabilistic Relational PCA.
probabilistic relational pca
Multi-task Gaussian Process Prediction.
multi-task gaussian process prediction
On the Computational Efficiency of Training Neural Networks.
training neural networks	computational efficiency
Bounding the Cost of Search-Based Lifted Inference.
search-based lifted inference
Learning a Distance Metric from a Network.
distance metric
Diagnostic Classifiers Revealing how Neural Networks Process Hierarchical Structure.
neural networks process hierarchical structure	diagnostic classifiers revealing
Flexpoint: An Adaptive Numerical Format for Efficient Training of Deep Neural Networks.
adaptive numerical format	deep neural networks	efficient training
Online Classification with Specificity Constraints.
online classification	specificity constraints
Mondrian Forests: Efficient Online Random Forests.
efficient online random forests	mondrian forests
Efficient Modeling of Latent Information in Supervised Learning using Gaussian Processes.
gaussian processes	supervised learning	efficient modeling	latent information
Adapting to a Market Shock: Optimal Sequential Market-Making.
optimal sequential market-making	market shock
Computing and maximizing influence in linear threshold and triggering models.
linear threshold	triggering models	maximizing influence
Measuring model complexity with the prior predictive.
measuring model complexity	prior predictive
Object Localization based on Structural SVM using Privileged Information.
object localization based	privileged information	structural svm
Eigenvalue Decay Implies Polynomial-Time Learnability for Neural Networks.
eigenvalue decay implies polynomial-time learnability	neural networks
Fast Rates for Exp-concave Empirical Risk Minimization.
exp-concave empirical risk minimization	fast rates
Using body-anchored priors for identifying actions in single images.
body-anchored priors	identifying actions	single images
Analysis of Variational Bayesian Latent Dirichlet Allocation: Weaker Sparsity Than MAP.
variational bayesian latent dirichlet allocation	weaker sparsity
3D Object Detection and Viewpoint Estimation with a Deformable 3D Cuboid Model.
deformable 3d cuboid model	3d object detection	viewpoint estimation
Learning User Perceived Clusters with Feature-Level Supervision.
learning user perceived clusters	feature-level supervision
Nonbacktracking Bounds on the Influence in Independent Cascade Models.
independent cascade models	nonbacktracking bounds
Reasoning With Neural Tensor Networks for Knowledge Base Completion.
neural tensor networks	knowledge base completion
Simultaneously Leveraging Output and Task Structures for Multiple-Output Regression.
simultaneously leveraging output	task structures	multiple-output regression
Machine Learning with Adversaries: Byzantine Tolerant Gradient Descent.
byzantine tolerant gradient descent	machine learning
Robust Multi-Class Gaussian Process Classification.
robust multi-class gaussian process classification
Hierarchical Clustering Beyond the Worst-Case.
hierarchical clustering
Convex Relaxations for Permutation Problems.
convex relaxations	permutation problems
Bayesian Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning.
bayesian hierarchical reinforcement learning
Efficient state-space modularization for planning: theory, behavioral and neural signatures.
efficient state-space modularization	neural signatures
Risk Bounds for Randomized Sample Compressed Classifiers.
randomized sample compressed classifiers	risk bounds
Closed-form Estimators for High-dimensional Generalized Linear Models.
high-dimensional generalized linear models	closed-form estimators
From Bandits to Experts: On the Value of Side-Observations.
experts
Toward Multimodal Image-to-Image Translation.
multimodal image-to-image translation
A Biologically Plausible Model for Rapid Natural Scene Identification.
rapid natural scene identification	biologically plausible model
Depth Map Prediction from a Single Image using a Multi-Scale Deep Network.
depth map prediction	multi-scale deep network	single image
Learning Networks of Stochastic Differential Equations.
stochastic differential equations	learning networks
Recursive Inversion Models for Permutations.
recursive inversion models
Density Propagation and Improved Bounds on the Partition Function.
improved bounds	density propagation	partition function
Kernel Embeddings of Latent Tree Graphical Models.
latent tree graphical models	kernel embeddings
Masked Autoregressive Flow for Density Estimation.
masked autoregressive flow	density estimation
Variance Reduction in Stochastic Gradient Langevin Dynamics.
stochastic gradient langevin dynamics	variance reduction
Greedy Subspace Clustering.
greedy subspace clustering
Improved Deep Metric Learning with Multi-class N-pair Loss Objective.
multi-class n-pair loss objective	improved deep metric learning
Consistency of weighted majority votes.
weighted majority votes
Compressive Sensing MRI with Wavelet Tree Sparsity.
compressive sensing mri	wavelet tree sparsity
A Primal-Dual Message-Passing Algorithm for Approximated Large Scale Structured Prediction.
approximated large scale structured prediction	primal-dual message-passing algorithm
Conic Scan-and-Cover algorithms for nonparametric topic modeling.
conic scan-and-cover algorithms	nonparametric topic modeling
Emergence of Language with Multi-agent Games: Learning to Communicate with Sequences of Symbols.
multi-agent games
Optimal Testing for Properties of Distributions.
optimal testing
PSDBoost: Matrix-Generation Linear Programming for Positive Semidefinite Matrices Learning.
positive semidefinite matrices learning	matrix-generation linear programming
Interpretable Distribution Features with Maximum Testing Power.
maximum testing power	interpretable distribution features
Submodular Attribute Selection for Action Recognition in Video.
submodular attribute selection	action recognition
Optimal Sparse Linear Encoders and Sparse PCA.
optimal sparse linear encoders	sparse pca
Predicting User Activity Level In Point Processes With Mass Transport Equation.
predicting user activity level	mass transport equation	point processes
Proceedings of the Workshop on Cognitive Computation: Integrating neural and symbolic approaches 2016 co-located with the 30th Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NIPS 2016), Barcelona, Spain, December 9, 2016.
neural information processing systems	symbolic approaches 2016 co-located	30th annual conference	integrating neural	cognitive computation
Progressive mixture rules are deviation suboptimal.
progressive mixture rules	deviation suboptimal
Approximate Message Passing with Consistent Parameter Estimation and Applications to Sparse Learning.
approximate message passing	consistent parameter estimation	sparse learning
A Screening Rule for l1-Regularized Ising Model Estimation.
l1-regularized ising model estimation	screening rule
High-dimensional support union recovery in multivariate regression.
high-dimensional support union recovery	multivariate regression
Conditional Random Fields with High-Order Features for Sequence Labeling.
conditional random fields	sequence labeling	high-order features
Clamping Variables and Approximate Inference.
approximate inference	clamping variables
Supervised Word Mover's Distance.
supervised word mover
Statistical Consistency of Top-k Ranking.
statistical consistency
Sampling for Bayesian Program Learning.
bayesian program learning
How biased are maximum entropy models?
maximum entropy models
A General Projection Property for Distribution Families.
general projection property	distribution families
Learning brain regions via large-scale online structured sparse dictionary learning.
large-scale online structured sparse dictionary learning	learning brain regions
The Distribution Family of Similarity Distances.
distribution family	similarity distances
Optimistic Planning in Markov Decision Processes Using a Generative Model.
markov decision processes	optimistic planning	generative model
Unifying Framework for Fast Learning Rate of Non-Sparse Multiple Kernel Learning.
non-sparse multiple kernel learning	fast learning rate	unifying framework
Learning with Fredholm Kernels.
fredholm kernels
Exploring Large Feature Spaces with Hierarchical Multiple Kernel Learning.
exploring large feature spaces	hierarchical multiple kernel learning
Fast Second Order Stochastic Backpropagation for Variational Inference.
order stochastic backpropagation	variational inference
Diverse Sequential Subset Selection for Supervised Video Summarization.
diverse sequential subset selection	supervised video summarization
Group Sparse Coding with a Laplacian Scale Mixture Prior.
laplacian scale mixture prior	group sparse coding
Speedy Q-Learning.
speedy q-learning
Coordinate-wise Power Method.
coordinate-wise power method
Gradient Descent Can Take Exponential Time to Escape Saddle Points.
escape saddle points	gradient descent	exponential time
Principles of Riemannian Geometry in Neural Networks.
riemannian geometry	neural networks
Human memory search as a random walk in a semantic network.
human memory search	random walk	semantic network
Rademacher Complexity Bounds for Non-I.I.D. Processes.
rademacher complexity bounds
Learning Bounds for Domain Adaptation.
learning bounds	domain adaptation
Modelling motion primitives and their timing in biologically executed movements.
biologically executed movements	modelling motion primitives
Discriminative Clustering by Regularized Information Maximization.
regularized information maximization	discriminative clustering
Predictive PAC Learning and Process Decompositions.
predictive pac learning	process decompositions
Lifted Relational Neural Networks.
lifted relational neural networks
Fundamental Limits of Budget-Fidelity Trade-off in Label Crowdsourcing.
label crowdsourcing	fundamental limits	budget-fidelity trade-
Adaptive Skills Adaptive Partitions (ASAP).
adaptive skills adaptive partitions
Unsupervised Learning from Noisy Networks with Applications to Hi-C Data.
noisy networks	unsupervised learning
Consistent optimization of AMS by logistic loss minimization.
logistic loss minimization	consistent optimization
MMD GAN: Towards Deeper Understanding of Moment Matching Network.
moment matching network	deeper understanding	mmd gan
More Supervision, Less Computation: Statistical-Computational Tradeoffs in Weakly Supervised Learning.
weakly supervised learning	statistical-computational tradeoffs
Deep Learning for Real-Time Atari Game Play Using Offline Monte-Carlo Tree Search Planning.
offline monte-carlo tree search planning	real-time atari game play	deep learning
Using Deep Belief Nets to Learn Covariance Kernels for Gaussian Processes.
learn covariance kernels	deep belief nets	gaussian processes
Direct Feedback Alignment Provides Learning in Deep Neural Networks.
deep neural networks	direct feedback alignment
Finding a sparse vector in a subspace: Linear sparsity using alternating directions.
sparse vector	linear sparsity	alternating directions
Semi-supervised Regression using Hessian energy with an application to semi-supervised dimensionality reduction.
semi-supervised dimensionality reduction	semi-supervised regression	hessian energy
Accelerated Gradient Methods for Stochastic Optimization and Online Learning.
accelerated gradient methods	stochastic optimization	online learning
Quantized Kernel Learning for Feature Matching.
quantized kernel learning	feature matching
Bayesian Dyadic Trees and Histograms for Regression.
bayesian dyadic trees
Beyond Parity: Fairness Objectives for Collaborative Filtering.
fairness objectives	collaborative filtering
Data-Efficient Reinforcement Learning in Continuous State-Action Gaussian-POMDPs.
continuous state-action gaussian-pomdps	data-efficient reinforcement learning
Kernel Bayes' Rule.
kernel bayes
Learning Additive Exponential Family Graphical Models via \\ell_{2, 1}-norm Regularized M-Estimation.
learning additive exponential family graphical models	1}-norm regularized m-estimation
Efficient Neural Codes under Metabolic Constraints.
efficient neural codes	metabolic constraints
Optimization on a Budget: A Reinforcement Learning Approach.
reinforcement learning approach
Rates of convergence for the cluster tree.
cluster tree
The Brain Uses Reliability of Stimulus Information when Making Perceptual Decisions.
making perceptual decisions	stimulus information
Learning with Consistency between Inductive Functions and Kernels.
inductive functions
Exploring and measuring non-linear correlations: Copulas, Lightspeed Transportation and Clustering.
measuring non-linear correlations	lightspeed transportation
Distributed Non-Stochastic Experts.
distributed non-stochastic experts
MS MARCO: A Human Generated MAchine Reading COmprehension Dataset.
human generated machine reading comprehension dataset	ms marco
Non-convex Robust PCA.
non-convex robust pca
Learning Bayesian Networks with Thousands of Variables.
learning bayesian networks
Local Privacy and Minimax Bounds: Sharp Rates for Probability Estimation.
probability estimation	local privacy	sharp rates	minimax bounds
Fast and Provably Good Seedings for k-Means.
provably good seedings
Tracking Dynamic Sources of Malicious Activity at Internet Scale.
tracking dynamic sources	internet scale	malicious activity
Guaranteed Rank Minimization via Singular Value Projection.
guaranteed rank minimization
Deep Multi-task Gaussian Processes for Survival Analysis with Competing Risks.
deep multi-task gaussian processes	survival analysis	competing risks
Enforcing balance allows local supervised learning in spiking recurrent networks.
local supervised learning	spiking recurrent networks	enforcing balance
Spectral Norm Regularization of Orthonormal Representations for Graph Transduction.
spectral norm regularization	graph transduction	orthonormal representations
Fast Distributed Submodular Cover: Public-Private Data Summarization.
fast distributed submodular cover	public-private data summarization
Nested Mini-Batch K-Means.
nested mini-batch k-means
Stochastic convex optimization with bandit feedback.
stochastic convex optimization	bandit feedback
Deep Hyperalignment.
deep hyperalignment
Inferring Stimulus Selectivity from the Spatial Structure of Neural Network Dynamics.
neural network dynamics	inferring stimulus selectivity	spatial structure
Beyond Sub-Gaussian Measurements: High-Dimensional Structured Estimation with Sub-Exponential Designs.
high-dimensional structured estimation	sub-exponential designs	sub-gaussian measurements
Exponential Concentration of a Density Functional Estimator.
density functional estimator	exponential concentration
Linear Classification and Selective Sampling Under Low Noise Conditions.
low noise conditions	selective sampling	linear classification
Delay Compensation with Dynamical Synapses.
dynamical synapses	delay compensation
Maximizing Subset Accuracy with Recurrent Neural Networks in Multi-label Classification.
maximizing subset accuracy	recurrent neural networks	multi-label classification
Identification and Overidentification of Linear Structural Equation Models.
linear structural equation models
Active Learning Ranking from Pairwise Preferences with Almost Optimal Query Complexity.
active learning ranking	optimal query complexity	pairwise preferences
Learning a Probabilistic Latent Space of Object Shapes via 3D Generative-Adversarial Modeling.
probabilistic latent space	3d generative-adversarial modeling	object shapes
Randomized Experimental Design for Causal Graph Discovery.
randomized experimental design	causal graph discovery
Dynamical And-Or Graph Learning for Object Shape Modeling and Detection.
object shape modeling	graph learning	dynamical and-
"Burn-in, bias, and the rationality of anchoring".
bias
Learning Parametric Sparse Models for Image Super-Resolution.
learning parametric sparse models	image super-resolution
Building Memory with Concept Learning Capabilities from Large-Scale Knowledge Bases.
concept learning capabilities	large-scale knowledge bases	building memory
Hashing Algorithms for Large-Scale Learning.
hashing algorithms	large-scale learning
Optimal spectral transportation with application to music transcription.
optimal spectral transportation	music transcription
Learning to Compose Domain-Specific Transformations for Data Augmentation.
compose domain-specific transformations	data augmentation
Guided Policy Search via Approximate Mirror Descent.
guided policy search	approximate mirror descent
A Linear Time Active Learning Algorithm for Link Classification.
linear time active learning algorithm	link classification
Beta-Negative Binomial Process and Exchangeable Random Partitions for Mixed-Membership Modeling.
exchangeable random partitions	beta-negative binomial process	mixed-membership modeling
Accelerated Proximal Gradient Methods for Nonconvex Programming.
accelerated proximal gradient methods	nonconvex programming
A Game-Theoretic Approach to Hypergraph Clustering.
game-theoretic approach	hypergraph clustering
Approximate Bayesian Image Interpretation using Generative Probabilistic Graphics Programs.
generative probabilistic graphics programs	approximate bayesian image interpretation
Mean Field Residual Networks: On the Edge of Chaos.
field residual networks
Universal Style Transfer via Feature Transforms.
universal style transfer	feature transforms
On Regularizing Rademacher Observation Losses.
regularizing rademacher observation losses
Why are some word orders more common than others? A uniform information density account.
uniform information density account	word orders
The Self-Normalized Estimator for Counterfactual Learning.
counterfactual learning	self-normalized estimator
Max-Margin Structured Output Regression for Spatio-Temporal Action Localization.
max-margin structured output regression	spatio-temporal action localization
Shadow Dirichlet for Restricted Probability Modeling.
restricted probability modeling	shadow dirichlet
Statistical Inference for Pairwise Graphical Models Using Score Matching.
pairwise graphical models	statistical inference	score matching
Translated Learning: Transfer Learning across Different Feature Spaces.
feature spaces	transfer learning	translated learning
Finding Consistencies in MEG Responses to Repeated Natural Speech.
repeated natural speech	finding consistencies	meg responses
Uprooting and Rerooting Higher-Order Graphical Models.
rerooting higher-order graphical models
Influence Maximization with ε-Almost Submodular Threshold Functions.
submodular threshold functions	influence maximization
Exponential Family Embeddings.
exponential family embeddings
Robust and Efficient Transfer Learning with Hidden Parameter Markov Decision Processes.
hidden parameter markov decision processes	efficient transfer learning
Rational inference of relative preferences.
relative preferences	rational inference
Generalized Beta Mixtures of Gaussians.
generalized beta mixtures
Robust PCA via Outlier Pursuit.
robust pca	outlier pursuit
Beyond Categories: The Visual Memex Model for Reasoning About Object Relationships.
visual memex model	object relationships
Kernelized Sorting.
kernelized sorting
Bayesian nonparametric models for ranked data.
bayesian nonparametric models	ranked data
Divide-and-Conquer Learning by Anchoring a Conical Hull.
divide-and-conquer learning	conical hull
Learning with Pseudo-Ensembles.
pseudo-ensembles
Tractable Learning for Complex Probability Queries.
complex probability queries	tractable learning
Efficient and direct estimation of a neural subunit model for sensory coding.
neural subunit model	direct estimation	sensory coding
Influence of graph construction on graph-based clustering measures.
graph-based clustering measures	graph construction
Robust Low Rank Kernel Embeddings of Multivariate Distributions.
robust low rank kernel embeddings	multivariate distributions
A Simple and Practical Algorithm for Differentially Private Data Release.
differentially private data release	practical algorithm
MAS: a multiplicative approximation scheme for probabilistic inference.
multiplicative approximation scheme	probabilistic inference
Scalable Levy Process Priors for Spectral Kernel Learning.
scalable levy process priors	spectral kernel learning
Approximation and Convergence Properties of Generative Adversarial Learning.
generative adversarial learning	convergence properties
Online Convex Optimization with Stochastic Constraints.
online convex optimization	stochastic constraints
Efficient Exact Gradient Update for training Deep Networks with Very Large Sparse Targets.
efficient exact gradient update	training deep networks	large sparse targets
Video Annotation and Tracking with Active Learning.
video annotation	active learning
Deep Coding Network.
deep coding network
Fast Bayesian Inference for Non-Conjugate Gaussian Process Regression.
non-conjugate gaussian process regression	fast bayesian inference
Shape and Material from Sound.
sound
Learning Deep Parsimonious Representations.
learning deep parsimonious representations
Mode Estimation for High Dimensional Discrete Tree Graphical Models.
high dimensional discrete tree graphical models	mode estimation
Sample Complexity of Learning Mahalanobis Distance Metrics.
learning mahalanobis distance metrics	sample complexity
Regulator Discovery from Gene Expression Time Series of Malaria Parasites: a Hierachical Approach.
gene expression time series	regulator discovery	hierachical approach	malaria parasites
Generative versus discriminative training of RBMs for classification of fMRI images.
generative versus discriminative training	fmri images
A neural network implementing optimal state estimation based on dynamic spike train decoding.
neural network implementing optimal state estimation based	dynamic spike train decoding
QUIC-SVD: Fast SVD Using Cosine Trees.
cosine trees	fast svd
Collaborative Recurrent Autoencoder: Recommend while Learning to Fill in the Blanks.
collaborative recurrent autoencoder
Biasing Approximate Dynamic Programming with a Lower Discount Factor.
biasing approximate dynamic programming	lower discount factor
On the Algorithmics and Applications of a Mixed-norm based Kernel Learning Formulation.
mixed-norm based kernel learning formulation
Spatial Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
spatial latent dirichlet allocation
Compressed Regression.
compressed regression
Optimal Ridge Detection using Coverage Risk.
optimal ridge detection	coverage risk
Multi-Task Learning via Conic Programming.
conic programming	multi-task learning
Attention-Based Models for Speech Recognition.
attention-based models	speech recognition
Convergent Learning: Do different neural networks learn the same representations?
neural networks learn	convergent learning
DIFFRAC: a discriminative and flexible framework for clustering.
flexible framework
Efficient Bregman Range Search.
efficient bregman range search
Elementary Estimators for Graphical Models.
graphical models	elementary estimators
Fast Variational Inference for Large-scale Internet Diagnosis.
fast variational inference	large-scale internet diagnosis
Risk-Sensitive and Robust Decision-Making: a CVaR Optimization Approach.
cvar optimization approach	robust decision-making
Making Pairwise Binary Graphical Models Attractive.
making pairwise binary graphical models attractive
Latent Graphical Model Selection: Efficient Methods for Locally Tree-like Graphs.
latent graphical model selection	locally tree-	efficient methods
Regression-tree Tuning in a Streaming Setting.
regression-tree tuning	streaming setting
Locality-sensitive binary codes from shift-invariant kernels.
locality-sensitive binary codes	shift-invariant kernels
The Coloured Noise Expansion and Parameter Estimation of Diffusion Processes.
coloured noise expansion	diffusion processes	parameter estimation
On Valid Optimal Assignment Kernels and Applications to Graph Classification.
valid optimal assignment kernels	graph classification
Polynomial Semantic Indexing.
polynomial semantic indexing
Symbol Grounding in Multimodal Sequences using Recurrent Neural Networks.
recurrent neural networks	symbol grounding	multimodal sequences
Generalized Dantzig Selector: Application to the k-support norm.
generalized dantzig selector	k-support norm
VAE Learning via Stein Variational Gradient Descent.
stein variational gradient descent	vae learning
Augmenting Feature-driven fMRI Analyses: Semi-supervised learning and resting state activity.
augmenting feature-driven fmri analyses	resting state activity	semi-supervised learning
Revenue Optimization with Approximate Bid Predictions.
approximate bid predictions	revenue optimization
Reputation-based Worker Filtering in Crowdsourcing.
reputation-based worker filtering
Continuous-Time Regression Models for Longitudinal Networks.
continuous-time regression models	longitudinal networks
The Deep Feed-Forward Gaussian Process: An Effective Generalization to Covariance Priors.
deep feed-forward gaussian process	effective generalization	covariance priors
Spherical Random Features for Polynomial Kernels.
spherical random features	polynomial kernels
Dynamic Pooling and Unfolding Recursive Autoencoders for Paraphrase Detection.
unfolding recursive autoencoders	dynamic pooling	paraphrase detection
Generative Local Metric Learning for Nearest Neighbor Classification.
generative local metric learning	nearest neighbor classification
f-GANs in an Information Geometric Nutshell.
information geometric nutshell
Learning optimal spike-based representations.
learning optimal spike-based representations
Modeling human function learning with Gaussian processes.
modeling human function learning	gaussian processes
Controlled Recognition Bounds for Visual Learning and Exploration.
controlled recognition bounds	visual learning
Analogy Making and Logical Inferences on Images using Cellular Automata based Hyperdimensional Computing.
cellular automata based hyperdimensional computing	logical inferences	analogy making
Fast and Improved SLEX Analysis of High-Dimensional Time Series.
high-dimensional time series	improved slex analysis
Co-regularization Based Semi-supervised Domain Adaptation.
co-regularization based semi-supervised domain adaptation
Teaching Machines to Describe Images with Natural Language Feedback.
natural language feedback	teaching machines	describe images
Distribution-Calibrated Hierarchical Classification.
distribution-calibrated hierarchical classification
Efficient Sampling for Learning Sparse Additive Models in High Dimensions.
learning sparse additive models	high dimensions	efficient sampling
beta-risk: a New Surrogate Risk for Learning from Weakly Labeled Data.
weakly labeled data	surrogate risk
Coupling Nonparametric Mixtures via Latent Dirichlet Processes.
coupling nonparametric mixtures	latent dirichlet processes
Minimum Average Cost Clustering.
minimum average cost clustering
Correlated Bigram LSA for Unsupervised Language Model Adaptation.
unsupervised language model adaptation	correlated bigram lsa
Integrated perception with recurrent multi-task neural networks.
recurrent multi-task neural networks	integrated perception
Multi-Information Source Optimization.
multi-information source optimization
Saliency, Scale and Information: Towards a Unifying Theory.
unifying theory
Improved Algorithms for Linear Stochastic Bandits.
linear stochastic bandits	improved algorithms
Calibrated Structured Prediction.
calibrated structured prediction
Dynamic Safe Interruptibility for Decentralized Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning.
decentralized multi-agent reinforcement learning	dynamic safe interruptibility
Learning with Bandit Feedback in Potential Games.
bandit feedback	potential games
Path-SGD: Path-Normalized Optimization in Deep Neural Networks.
deep neural networks	path-normalized optimization
Learning to Discover Social Circles in Ego Networks.
discover social circles	ego networks
Hamming Ball Auxiliary Sampling for Factorial Hidden Markov Models.
factorial hidden markov models	hamming ball auxiliary sampling
Robust Image Denoising with Multi-Column Deep Neural Networks.
multi-column deep neural networks	robust image denoising
Multi-Agent Filtering with Infinitely Nested Beliefs.
infinitely nested beliefs	multi-agent filtering
Active Learning with a Drifting Distribution.
drifting distribution	active learning
Bayesian Partitioning of Large-Scale Distance Data.
large-scale distance data	bayesian partitioning
Rapid Inference on a Novel AND/OR graph for Object Detection, Segmentation and Parsing.
rapid inference	object detection
Sparse Features for PCA-Like Linear Regression.
sparse features	linear regression
Bayesian models for Large-scale Hierarchical Classification.
large-scale hierarchical classification	bayesian models
Evaluation of Rarity of Fingerprints in Forensics.
forensics
Ladder Variational Autoencoders.
ladder variational autoencoders
Capturing Semantically Meaningful Word Dependencies with an Admixture of Poisson MRFs.
capturing semantically meaningful word dependencies	poisson mrfs
FEAST at Play: Feature ExtrAction using Score function Tensors.
score function tensors	feature extraction
Comparing Bayesian models for multisensory cue combination without mandatory integration.
multisensory cue combination	comparing bayesian models	mandatory integration
Neural Networks for Efficient Bayesian Decoding of Natural Images from Retinal Neurons.
efficient bayesian decoding	retinal neurons	neural networks	natural images
Permutation Diffusion Maps (PDM) with Application to the Image Association Problem in Computer Vision.
permutation diffusion maps	image association problem	computer vision
Stochastic Multi-Armed-Bandit Problem with Non-stationary Rewards.
stochastic multi-armed-bandit problem	non-stationary rewards
A Graphical Transformation for Belief Propagation: Maximum Weight Matchings and Odd-Sized Cycles.
maximum weight matchings	graphical transformation	odd-sized cycles	belief propagation
Unsupervised Kernel Dimension Reduction.
unsupervised kernel dimension reduction
From Bayesian Sparsity to Gated Recurrent Nets.
gated recurrent nets	bayesian sparsity
MaskRNN: Instance Level Video Object Segmentation.
instance level video object segmentation
Nonlinear causal discovery with additive noise models.
nonlinear causal discovery	additive noise models
Space-Time Local Embeddings.
space-time local embeddings
Coevolutionary Latent Feature Processes for Continuous-Time User-Item Interactions.
coevolutionary latent feature processes	continuous-time user-item interactions
Diverse and Accurate Image Description Using a Variational Auto-Encoder with an Additive Gaussian Encoding Space.
additive gaussian encoding space	accurate image description	variational auto-encoder
Recognizing Activities by Attribute Dynamics.
attribute dynamics	recognizing activities
Exponential expressivity in deep neural networks through transient chaos.
deep neural networks	exponential expressivity	transient chaos
Adaptive Submodular Maximization in Bandit Setting.
adaptive submodular maximization	bandit setting
Feature-distributed sparse regression: a screen-and-clean approach.
feature-distributed sparse regression	screen-and-clean approach
A general agnostic active learning algorithm.
general agnostic active learning algorithm
Online Learning for Adversaries with Memory: Price of Past Mistakes.
online learning	past mistakes
Convergence rates of sub-sampled Newton methods.
sub-sampled newton methods	convergence rates
Bayesian Nonparametric Modeling of Suicide Attempts.
bayesian nonparametric modeling	suicide attempts
Covariance Estimation for High Dimensional Data Vectors Using the Sparse Matrix Transform.
high dimensional data vectors	sparse matrix transform	covariance estimation
Sample Complexity of Episodic Fixed-Horizon Reinforcement Learning.
episodic fixed-horizon reinforcement learning	sample complexity
Semi-Proximal Mirror-Prox for Nonsmooth Composite Minimization.
nonsmooth composite minimization	semi-proximal mirror-prox
Semi-supervised Eigenvectors for Locally-biased Learning.
locally-biased learning	semi-supervised eigenvectors
Neural Word Embedding as Implicit Matrix Factorization.
implicit matrix factorization	neural word embedding
Sparse and Low-Rank Tensor Decomposition.
low-rank tensor decomposition
Learning sparse dynamic linear systems using stable spline kernels and exponential hyperpriors.
learning sparse dynamic linear systems	stable spline kernels	exponential hyperpriors
Gaussian Quadrature for Kernel Features.
gaussian quadrature	kernel features
Large-Scale Matrix Factorization with Missing Data under Additional Constraints.
large-scale matrix factorization	additional constraints	missing data
Sinkhorn Distances: Lightspeed Computation of Optimal Transport.
optimal transport	sinkhorn distances	lightspeed computation
Statistical Performance of Convex Tensor Decomposition.
convex tensor decomposition	statistical performance
Efficient and Robust Feature Selection via Joint ℓ2, 1-Norms Minimization.
robust feature selection	1-norms minimization
Generating Long-term Trajectories Using Deep Hierarchical Networks.
generating long-term trajectories	deep hierarchical networks
Dependent nonparametric trees for dynamic hierarchical clustering.
dependent nonparametric trees	dynamic hierarchical clustering
No evidence for active sparsification in the visual cortex.
active sparsification	visual cortex
A Generalized Natural Actor-Critic Algorithm.
generalized natural actor-critic algorithm
Functional Geometry Alignment and Localization of Brain Areas.
functional geometry alignment	brain areas
Multiclass Learning Approaches: A Theoretical Comparison with Implications.
multiclass learning approaches	theoretical comparison
Fast Resampling Weighted v-Statistics.
fast resampling weighted v-statistics
Achieving the KS threshold in the general stochastic block model with linearized acyclic belief propagation.
linearized acyclic belief propagation	general stochastic block model	ks threshold
Decomposition-Invariant Conditional Gradient for General Polytopes with Line Search.
decomposition-invariant conditional gradient	line search	general polytopes
Bayesian Inference and Online Experimental Design for Mapping Neural Microcircuits.
mapping neural microcircuits	online experimental design	bayesian inference
Pointer Networks.
pointer networks
Kernel Hyperalignment.
kernel hyperalignment
Identifying Dendritic Processing.
identifying dendritic processing
Practical Data-Dependent Metric Compression with Provable Guarantees.
practical data-dependent metric compression	provable guarantees
Sparse Estimation with Structured Dictionaries.
sparse estimation	structured dictionaries
Tight Continuous Relaxation of the Balanced k-Cut Problem.
tight continuous relaxation	balanced k-cut problem
Advances in Learning Bayesian Networks of Bounded Treewidth.
learning bayesian networks	bounded treewidth
Learning Stationary Time Series using Gaussian Processes with Nonparametric Kernels.
learning stationary time series	nonparametric kernels	gaussian processes
Monte Carlo Methods for Maximum Margin Supervised Topic Models.
maximum margin supervised topic models	monte carlo methods
Thinking Fast and Slow with Deep Learning and Tree Search.
tree search	deep learning	thinking fast
Extensions of Generalized Binary Search to Group Identification and Exponential Costs.
generalized binary search	group identification	exponential costs
An Approximate Inference Approach to Temporal Optimization in Optimal Control.
approximate inference approach	temporal optimization	optimal control
Convex Relaxation of Mixture Regression with Efficient Algorithms.
mixture regression	efficient algorithms	convex relaxation
Learning from Candidate Labeling Sets.
candidate labeling sets
Copula Bayesian Networks.
copula bayesian networks
FALKON: An Optimal Large Scale Kernel Method.
optimal large scale kernel method
A Scalable Approach to Probabilistic Latent Space Inference of Large-Scale Networks.
probabilistic latent space inference	scalable approach	large-scale networks
Identifying Outlier Arms in Multi-Armed Bandit.
identifying outlier arms	multi-armed bandit
Learning Efficient Object Detection Models with Knowledge Distillation.
learning efficient object detection models	knowledge distillation
Sketching Structured Matrices for Faster Nonlinear Regression.
sketching structured matrices	faster nonlinear regression
Shape and Illumination from Shading using the Generic Viewpoint Assumption.
generic viewpoint assumption
Regret Analysis for Continuous Dueling Bandit.
continuous dueling bandit	regret analysis
Sparse Prediction with the $k$-Support Norm.
$-support norm	sparse prediction
Kernels on Attributed Pointsets with Applications.
attributed pointsets
Request Confirmation Networks for Neuro-Symbolic Script Execution.
neuro-symbolic script execution	request confirmation networks
A Bayesian Framework for Cross-Situational Word-Learning.
bayesian framework	cross-situational word-learning
Stein Variational Gradient Descent as Gradient Flow.
stein variational gradient descent	gradient flow
Poisson-Gamma dynamical systems.
poisson-gamma dynamical systems
Identifying and attacking the saddle point problem in high-dimensional non-convex optimization.
high-dimensional non-convex optimization	saddle point problem
Anatomically Constrained Decoding of Finger Flexion from Electrocorticographic Signals.
anatomically constrained decoding	finger flexion	electrocorticographic signals
Fast Black-box Variational Inference through Stochastic Trust-Region Optimization.
fast black-box variational inference	stochastic trust-region optimization
The Large Margin Mechanism for Differentially Private Maximization.
large margin mechanism	differentially private maximization
Probabilistic latent variable models for distinguishing between cause and effect.
probabilistic latent variable models
A Learning Error Analysis for Structured Prediction with Approximate Inference.
learning error analysis	approximate inference	structured prediction
MCBoost: Multiple Classifier Boosting for Perceptual Co-clustering of Images and Visual Features.
multiple classifier boosting	perceptual co-clustering	visual features
Near-optimal Differentially Private Principal Components.
near-optimal differentially private principal components
Hallucinations in Charles Bonnet Syndrome Induced by Homeostasis: a Deep Boltzmann Machine Model.
charles bonnet syndrome induced	deep boltzmann machine model
Convergence rates of a partition based Bayesian multivariate density estimation method.
partition based bayesian multivariate density estimation method	convergence rates
Large Margin Multi-Task Metric Learning.
large margin multi-task metric learning
Distributed Power-law Graph Computing: Theoretical and Empirical Analysis.
distributed power-law graph computing	empirical analysis
Optimal models of sound localization by barn owls.
sound localization	barn owls	optimal models
Multiplicative Weights Update with Constant Step-Size in Congestion Games: Convergence, Limit Cycles and Chaos.
multiplicative weights update	limit cycles	congestion games	constant step-size
Help or Hinder: Bayesian Models of Social Goal Inference.
social goal inference	bayesian models
Deep Recursive Neural Networks for Compositionality in Language.
deep recursive neural networks
Learning Bounded Treewidth Bayesian Networks.
learning bounded treewidth bayesian networks
Large-Scale Quadratically Constrained Quadratic Program via Low-Discrepancy Sequences.
large-scale quadratically constrained quadratic program	low-discrepancy sequences
MKL-Based Sample Enrichment and Customized Outcomes Enable Smaller AD Clinical Trials.
customized outcomes enable smaller ad clinical trials	mkl-based sample enrichment
Bayesian Inference and Learning in Gaussian Process State-Space Models with Particle MCMC.
gaussian process state-space models	particle mcmc	bayesian inference
Beyond normality: Learning sparse probabilistic graphical models in the non-Gaussian setting.
learning sparse probabilistic graphical models	non-gaussian setting
Reinforcement Learning in Continuous Action Spaces through Sequential Monte Carlo Methods.
sequential monte carlo methods	continuous action spaces	reinforcement learning
Max-Margin Invariant Features from Transformed Unlabelled Data.
max-margin invariant features	transformed unlabelled data
Spike Frequency Adaptation Implements Anticipative Tracking in Continuous Attractor Neural Networks.
spike frequency adaptation implements anticipative tracking	continuous attractor neural networks
A Linear-Time Kernel Goodness-of-Fit Test.
linear-time kernel goodness-of-fit test
Collaboratively Learning Preferences from Ordinal Data.
collaboratively learning preferences	ordinal data
Recovery Guarantee of Non-negative Matrix Factorization via Alternating Updates.
non-negative matrix factorization	recovery guarantee	alternating updates
Associative Embedding: End-to-End Learning for Joint Detection and Grouping.
end-to-end learning	joint detection	associative embedding
Using Options and Covariance Testing for Long Horizon Off-Policy Policy Evaluation.
long horizon off-policy policy evaluation	covariance testing
Classification via Minimum Incremental Coding Length (MICL).
minimum incremental coding length
Recurrent Ladder Networks.
recurrent ladder networks
A joint maximum-entropy model for binary neural population patterns and continuous signals.
binary neural population patterns	joint maximum-entropy model	continuous signals
ImageNet Classification with Deep Convolutional Neural Networks.
deep convolutional neural networks	imagenet classification
Object Recognition by Scene Alignment.
scene alignment	object recognition
Optimal context separation of spiking haptic signals by second-order somatosensory neurons.
optimal context separation	spiking haptic signals	second-order somatosensory neurons
Variational Gaussian-process factor analysis for modeling spatio-temporal data.
variational gaussian-process factor analysis	modeling spatio-temporal data
A Dual Augmented Block Minimization Framework for Learning with Limited Memory.
dual augmented block minimization framework	limited memory
Deflation Methods for Sparse PCA.
deflation methods	sparse pca
A general framework for investigating how far the decoding process in the brain can be simplified.
general framework	decoding process
Causal Inference on Time Series using Restricted Structural Equation Models.
restricted structural equation models	time series	causal inference
Identification of Recurrent Patterns in the Activation of Brain Networks.
recurrent patterns	brain networks
Barzilai-Borwein Step Size for Stochastic Gradient Descent.
stochastic gradient descent	barzilai-borwein step size
Robust Bayesian Max-Margin Clustering.
robust bayesian max-margin clustering
Summary Statistics for Partitionings and Feature Allocations.
feature allocations	summary statistics
A Gaussian Process Model of Quasar Spectral Energy Distributions.
quasar spectral energy distributions	gaussian process model
Marginals-to-Models Reducibility.
marginals-to-models reducibility
Latent Coincidence Analysis: A Hidden Variable Model for Distance Metric Learning.
distance metric learning	hidden variable model	latent coincidence analysis
Data-driven Distributionally Robust Polynomial Optimization.
data-driven distributionally robust polynomial optimization
Statistical analysis of coupled time series with Kernel Cross-Spectral Density operators.
kernel cross-spectral density operators	coupled time series	statistical analysis
Algorithms for Hyper-Parameter Optimization.
hyper-parameter optimization
Boosting with Abstention.
abstention
Adversarial Ranking for Language Generation.
language generation	adversarial ranking
Dueling Bandits: Beyond Condorcet Winners to General Tournament Solutions.
general tournament solutions	dueling bandits	condorcet winners
Label Efficient Learning of Transferable Representations acrosss Domains and Tasks.
transferable representations acrosss domains	label efficient learning
Density estimation from unweighted k-nearest neighbor graphs: a roadmap.
unweighted k-nearest neighbor graphs	density estimation
Noise Characterization, Modeling, and Reduction for In Vivo Neural Recording.
vivo neural recording	noise characterization
Sparse Recovery with Brownian Sensing.
sparse recovery	brownian sensing
Nonparametric Bayesian Learning of Switching Linear Dynamical Systems.
switching linear dynamical systems	nonparametric bayesian learning
Parallel Recursive Best-First AND/OR Search for Exact MAP Inference in Graphical Models.
exact map inference	parallel recursive best-	graphical models
Spectral Methods for Supervised Topic Models.
supervised topic models	spectral methods
Efficient Second-Order Online Kernel Learning with Adaptive Embedding.
efficient second-order online kernel learning	adaptive embedding
A KL-LUCB algorithm for Large-Scale Crowdsourcing.
large-scale crowdsourcing	kl-lucb algorithm
Sparse Coding for Learning Interpretable Spatio-Temporal Primitives.
learning interpretable spatio-temporal primitives	sparse coding
Near Minimax Optimal Players for the Finite-Time 3-Expert Prediction Problem.
finite-time 3-expert prediction problem	minimax optimal players
Nonparanormal Belief Propagation (NPNBP).
nonparanormal belief propagation
Pruning Random Forests for Prediction on a Budget.
pruning random forests
End-To-End Memory Networks.
end-to-end memory networks
The Multi-fidelity Multi-armed Bandit.
multi-fidelity multi-armed bandit
Projecting Ising Model Parameters for Fast Mixing.
projecting ising model parameters	fast mixing
Stable Dual Dynamic Programming.
stable dual dynamic programming
Scale Up Nonlinear Component Analysis with Doubly Stochastic Gradients.
doubly stochastic gradients	nonlinear component analysis
Inferring spike-timing-dependent plasticity from spike train data.
spike train data	inferring spike-timing-dependent plasticity
Efficient Sampling for Gaussian Process Inference using Control Variables.
gaussian process inference	control variables	efficient sampling
Graph-based Consensus Maximization among Multiple Supervised and Unsupervised Models.
graph-based consensus maximization	unsupervised models	multiple supervised
Reinforcement Learning in Robust Markov Decision Processes.
robust markov decision processes	reinforcement learning
Persistent Homology for Learning Densities with Bounded Support.
persistent homology	learning densities	bounded support
Nonparametric Bayesian Policy Priors for Reinforcement Learning.
nonparametric bayesian policy priors	reinforcement learning
Sample and Computationally Efficient Learning Algorithms under S-Concave Distributions.
computationally efficient learning algorithms	s-concave distributions
Convergent Block Coordinate Descent for Training Tikhonov Regularized Deep Neural Networks.
training tikhonov regularized deep neural networks	convergent block coordinate descent
Recovery of Coherent Data via Low-Rank Dictionary Pursuit.
low-rank dictionary pursuit	coherent data
A computational model of hippocampal function in trace conditioning.
hippocampal function	computational model	trace conditioning
Nonlinear directed acyclic structure learning with weakly additive noise models.
nonlinear directed acyclic structure learning	weakly additive noise models
Multiparty Differential Privacy via Aggregation of Locally Trained Classifiers.
multiparty differential privacy	locally trained classifiers
Sorting out typicality with the inverse moment matrix SOS polynomial.
inverse moment matrix sos polynomial
Moment-based Uniform Deviation Bounds for k-means and Friends.
moment-based uniform deviation bounds
Cortical microcircuits as gated-recurrent neural networks.
gated-recurrent neural networks	cortical microcircuits
Plan, Attend, Generate: Planning for Sequence-to-Sequence Models.
sequence-to-sequence models
Z-Forcing: Training Stochastic Recurrent Networks.
training stochastic recurrent networks
Resurrecting the sigmoid in deep learning through dynamical isometry: theory and practice.
deep learning	dynamical isometry
HM-BiTAM: Bilingual Topic Exploration, Word Alignment, and Translation.
bilingual topic exploration	word alignment
Multi-Stage Multi-Task Feature Learning.
multi-stage multi-task feature learning
Learning Causal Structures Using Regression Invariance.
learning causal structures	regression invariance
Neuro-Symbolic EDA-Based Optimization Using ILP-Enhanced DBNs.
neuro-symbolic eda-based optimization	ilp-enhanced dbns
Super-Bit Locality-Sensitive Hashing.
super-bit locality-sensitive hashing
Learned Region Sparsity and Diversity Also Predicts Visual Attention.
predicts visual attention	learned region sparsity
Kernel Change-point Analysis.
kernel change-point analysis
Simple strategies for recovering inner products from coarsely quantized random projections.
coarsely quantized random projections	simple strategies
Finite-Sample Analysis of Fixed-k Nearest Neighbor Density Functional Estimators.
nearest neighbor density functional estimators	finite-sample analysis
Learning from uncertain curves: The 2-Wasserstein metric for Gaussian processes.
gaussian processes	2-wasserstein metric	uncertain curves
Natural Neural Networks.
natural neural networks
From which world is your graph.
world
Asynchronous Coordinate Descent under More Realistic Assumptions.
asynchronous coordinate descent	realistic assumptions
Fused sparsity and robust estimation for linear models with unknown variance.
unknown variance	fused sparsity	robust estimation	linear models
Extending Phase Mechanism to Differential Motion Opponency for Motion Pop-out.
extending phase mechanism	differential motion opponency	motion pop-
Hogwild: A Lock-Free Approach to Parallelizing Stochastic Gradient Descent.
parallelizing stochastic gradient descent	lock-free approach
A Nonconvex Optimization Framework for Low Rank Matrix Estimation.
low rank matrix estimation	nonconvex optimization framework
Stochastic Gradient Descent with Only One Projection.
stochastic gradient descent
Gaussian Process Models for Link Analysis and Transfer Learning.
gaussian process models	link analysis	transfer learning
Learning about Canonical Views from Internet Image Collections.
internet image collections	canonical views
Predicting Dynamic Difficulty.
predicting dynamic difficulty
Optimal Web-Scale Tiering as a Flow Problem.
optimal web-scale tiering	flow problem
PAC-Bayesian Theory Meets Bayesian Inference.
pac-bayesian theory meets bayesian inference
Robust Logistic Regression and Classification.
robust logistic regression
Convergence and Rate of Convergence of a Manifold-Based Dimension Reduction Algorithm.
manifold-based dimension reduction algorithm
FPNN: Field Probing Neural Networks for 3D Data.
field probing neural networks	3d data
Robust Regression via Hard Thresholding.
robust regression	hard thresholding
Minimax Estimation of Maximum Mean Discrepancy with Radial Kernels.
minimax estimation	radial kernels
A Data-Driven Approach to Modeling Choice.
modeling choice	data-driven approach
Fast and Accurate k-means For Large Datasets.
accurate k-means	large datasets
Learning Mixtures of Tree Graphical Models.
tree graphical models	learning mixtures
Learning Eigenvectors for Free.
learning eigenvectors
Variational Inference via \\chi Upper Bound Minimization.
chi upper bound minimization	variational inference
Robust Nonparametric Regression with Metric-Space Valued Output.
robust nonparametric regression	metric-space valued output
Learning with a Wasserstein Loss.
wasserstein loss
Wavelet based multi-scale shape features on arbitrary surfaces for cortical thickness discrimination.
wavelet based multi-scale shape features	cortical thickness discrimination	arbitrary surfaces
Cold-Start Reinforcement Learning with Softmax Policy Gradient.
cold-start reinforcement learning	softmax policy gradient
Policy Gradient Coagent Networks.
policy gradient coagent networks
Moreau-Yosida Regularization for Grouped Tree Structure Learning.
grouped tree structure learning	moreau-yosida regularization
Online Prediction on Large Diameter Graphs.
large diameter graphs	online prediction
Practical and Optimal LSH for Angular Distance.
angular distance	optimal lsh
Unsupervised learning models of primary cortical receptive fields and receptive field plasticity.
primary cortical receptive fields	receptive field plasticity	unsupervised learning models
Minimizing Sparse High-Order Energies by Submodular Vertex-Cover.
minimizing sparse high-order energies	submodular vertex-cover
Tracking the Best Expert in Non-stationary Stochastic Environments.
non-stationary stochastic environments
Efficient Non-greedy Optimization of Decision Trees.
efficient non-greedy optimization	decision trees
On Tracking The Partition Function.
partition function
Fast Algorithms for Robust PCA via Gradient Descent.
robust pca	gradient descent	fast algorithms
Recursive Segmentation and Recognition Templates for 2D Parsing.
2d parsing	recursive segmentation	recognition templates
On the accuracy of l1-filtering of signals with block-sparse structure.
block-sparse structure
Inferring Generative Model Structure with Static Analysis.
inferring generative model structure	static analysis
Efficient Learning of Generalized Linear and Single Index Models with Isotonic Regression.
single index models	generalized linear	isotonic regression	efficient learning
Measuring Sample Quality with Stein's Method.
measuring sample quality
Active Nearest-Neighbor Learning in Metric Spaces.
active nearest-neighbor learning	metric spaces
Strategic Attentive Writer for Learning Macro-Actions.
strategic attentive writer	learning macro-actions
Hierarchical Clustering via Spreading Metrics.
hierarchical clustering	spreading metrics
Active Learning of Multi-Index Function Models.
multi-index function models	active learning
Rank-Approximate Nearest Neighbor Search: Retaining Meaning and Speed in High Dimensions.
rank-approximate nearest neighbor search	retaining meaning	high dimensions
Quartz: Randomized Dual Coordinate Ascent with Arbitrary Sampling.
randomized dual coordinate ascent	arbitrary sampling
Additive Gaussian Processes.
additive gaussian processes
Subgraph Detection Using Eigenvector L1 Norms.
eigenvector l1 norms	subgraph detection
A Convergence Analysis of Log-Linear Training.
log-linear training	convergence analysis
Using Fast Weights to Attend to the Recent Past.
recent past	fast weights
On the Sample Complexity of Subspace Learning.
subspace learning	sample complexity
Faster and Non-ergodic O(1/K) Stochastic Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers.
stochastic alternating direction method
A Spectral Algorithm for Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
latent dirichlet allocation	spectral algorithm
Evaluating Search Engines by Modeling the Relationship Between Relevance and Clicks.
evaluating search engines
3D Social Saliency from Head-mounted Cameras.
3d social saliency	head-mounted cameras
Tight Sample Complexity of Large-Margin Learning.
tight sample complexity	large-margin learning
Sampling from Probabilistic Submodular Models.
probabilistic submodular models
The Return of the Gating Network: Combining Generative Models and Discriminative Training in Natural Image Priors.
natural image priors	combining generative models	discriminative training	gating network
A Minimax Optimal Algorithm for Crowdsourcing.
minimax optimal algorithm
Patient Risk Stratification for Hospital-Associated C. diff as a Time-Series Classification Task.
patient risk stratification	time-series classification task
High-dimensional neural spike train analysis with generalized count linear dynamical systems.
high-dimensional neural spike train analysis	generalized count linear dynamical systems
On the Optimality of Classifier Chain for Multi-label Classification.
multi-label classification	classifier chain
Deep Neural Networks for Object Detection.
deep neural networks	object detection
SURGE: Surface Regularized Geometry Estimation from a Single Image.
surface regularized geometry estimation	single image
Probabilistic Line Searches for Stochastic Optimization.
probabilistic line searches	stochastic optimization
GRIFT: A graphical model for inferring visual classification features from human data.
inferring visual classification features	human data	graphical model
Polynomial time algorithms for dual volume sampling.
dual volume sampling	polynomial time algorithms
Scalable Log Determinants for Gaussian Process Kernel Learning.
gaussian process kernel learning	scalable log determinants
Sample Complexity Bounds for Iterative Stochastic Policy Optimization.
iterative stochastic policy optimization	sample complexity bounds
Sparse Random Feature Algorithm as Coordinate Descent in Hilbert Space.
sparse random feature algorithm	hilbert space	coordinate descent
A Bandit Framework for Strategic Regression.
strategic regression	bandit framework
Parallel Multi-Dimensional LSTM, With Application to Fast Biomedical Volumetric Image Segmentation.
fast biomedical volumetric image segmentation	parallel multi-dimensional lstm
Stochastic Mirror Descent in Variationally Coherent Optimization Problems.
variationally coherent optimization problems	stochastic mirror descent
Unsupervised Learning for Physical Interaction through Video Prediction.
video prediction	physical interaction	unsupervised learning
Runtime Neural Pruning.
runtime neural pruning
Optimized Pre-Processing for Discrimination Prevention.
optimized pre-processing	discrimination prevention
Improving the Asymptotic Performance of Markov Chain Monte-Carlo by Inserting Vortices.
markov chain monte-carlo	inserting vortices	asymptotic performance
Threshold Bandits, With and Without Censored Feedback.
threshold bandits	censored feedback
Bayesian latent structure discovery from multi-neuron recordings.
bayesian latent structure discovery	multi-neuron recordings
On Multiplicative Integration with Recurrent Neural Networks.
recurrent neural networks	multiplicative integration
Hierarchical Mixture of Classification Experts Uncovers Interactions between Brain Regions.
classification experts uncovers interactions	hierarchical mixture	brain regions
Active dendrites: adaptation to spike-based communication.
active dendrites	spike-based communication
Active Learning and Best-Response Dynamics.
best-response dynamics	active learning
Natural-Parameter Networks: A Class of Probabilistic Neural Networks.
probabilistic neural networks	natural-parameter networks
Graphical Gaussian Vector for Image Categorization.
graphical gaussian vector	image categorization
Learning Transformational Invariants from Natural Movies.
learning transformational invariants	natural movies
Algorithms and matching lower bounds for approximately-convex optimization.
matching lower bounds	approximately-convex optimization
Coupled Generative Adversarial Networks.
coupled generative adversarial networks
Nonparametric Bayesian inference on multivariate exponential families.
nonparametric bayesian inference	multivariate exponential families
Deep Learning for Precipitation Nowcasting: A Benchmark and A New Model.
deep learning	precipitation nowcasting
A Constant-Factor Bi-Criteria Approximation Guarantee for k-means++.
constant-factor bi-criteria approximation guarantee
k-Support and Ordered Weighted Sparsity for Overlapping Groups: Hardness and Algorithms.
ordered weighted sparsity	overlapping groups
Probabilistic Differential Dynamic Programming.
probabilistic differential dynamic programming
Union of Intersections (UoI) for Interpretable Data Driven Discovery and Prediction.
interpretable data driven discovery
The Fixed Points of Off-Policy TD.
off-policy td	fixed points
Statistical Consistency of Ranking Methods in A Rank-Differentiable Probability Space.
rank-differentiable probability space	statistical consistency	ranking methods
Periodic Finite State Controllers for Efficient POMDP and DEC-POMDP Planning.
periodic finite state controllers	dec-pomdp planning	efficient pomdp
Fast Variational Inference in the Conjugate Exponential Family.
fast variational inference	conjugate exponential family
A Determinantal Point Process Latent Variable Model for Inhibition in Neural Spiking Data.
determinantal point process latent variable model	neural spiking data
Near-Optimal-Sample Estimators for Spherical Gaussian Mixtures.
spherical gaussian mixtures	near-optimal-sample estimators
SPALS: Fast Alternating Least Squares via Implicit Leverage Scores Sampling.
implicit leverage scores sampling	fast alternating
Learning with Average Top-k Loss.
average top-
Reshaped Wirtinger Flow for Solving Quadratic System of Equations.
reshaped wirtinger flow	solving quadratic system
Fast and Guaranteed Tensor Decomposition via Sketching.
guaranteed tensor decomposition
The Scaling Limit of High-Dimensional Online Independent Component Analysis.
high-dimensional online independent component analysis	scaling limit
Batch Renormalization: Towards Reducing Minibatch Dependence in Batch-Normalized Models.
reducing minibatch dependence	batch-normalized models	batch renormalization
Scale Adaptive Blind Deblurring.
scale adaptive blind deblurring
Backpropagation for Energy-Efficient Neuromorphic Computing.
energy-efficient neuromorphic computing
Generative Image Modeling Using Spatial LSTMs.
generative image modeling	spatial lstms
Brains on Beats.
brains
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 22: 23rd Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems 2009. Proceedings of a meeting held 7-10 December 2009, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
neural information processing systems 22	meeting held 7-10 december 2009	neural information processing systems 2009	23rd annual conference	british columbia
Maxing and Ranking with Few Assumptions.
maxing
Inferring rankings under constrained sensing.
constrained sensing	inferring rankings
PAC-Bayesian Analysis of Contextual Bandits.
pac-bayesian analysis	contextual bandits
A provable SVD-based algorithm for learning topics in dominant admixture corpus.
provable svd-based algorithm	dominant admixture corpus	learning topics
Decomposition Bounds for Marginal MAP.
decomposition bounds	marginal map
Estimating Accuracy from Unlabeled Data: A Probabilistic Logic Approach.
probabilistic logic approach	unlabeled data	estimating accuracy
Submodular Optimization with Submodular Cover and Submodular Knapsack Constraints.
submodular knapsack constraints	submodular optimization	submodular cover
Improved Iteration Complexity Bounds of Cyclic Block Coordinate Descent for Convex Problems.
cyclic block coordinate descent	improved iteration complexity bounds	convex problems
Trading off Mistakes and Don't-Know Predictions.
t-
Stochastic Gradient Richardson-Romberg Markov Chain Monte Carlo.
stochastic gradient richardson-romberg markov chain monte carlo
Max-Margin Deep Generative Models.
max-margin deep generative models
Reflection, Refraction, and Hamiltonian Monte Carlo.
hamiltonian monte carlo
A Bayesian Approach for Policy Learning from Trajectory Preference Queries.
trajectory preference queries	bayesian approach	policy learning
Learning visual motion in recurrent neural networks.
learning visual motion	recurrent neural networks
Near-Optimal Density Estimation in Near-Linear Time Using Variable-Width Histograms.
near-optimal density estimation	variable-width histograms	near-linear time
Beyond Exchangeability: The Chinese Voting Process.
chinese voting process
Contextual Gaussian Process Bandit Optimization.
contextual gaussian process bandit optimization
Learning to Pivot with Adversarial Networks.
adversarial networks
Practical Variational Inference for Neural Networks.
practical variational inference	neural networks
Linear Complementarity for Regularized Policy Evaluation and Improvement.
regularized policy evaluation	linear complementarity
Newton-Stein Method: A Second Order Method for GLMs via Stein's Lemma.
order method	newton-stein method
Linear Relaxations for Finding Diverse Elements in Metric Spaces.
finding diverse elements	linear relaxations	metric spaces
Sparse convolutional coding for neuronal assembly detection.
neuronal assembly detection	sparse convolutional coding
Local Maxima in the Likelihood of Gaussian Mixture Models: Structural Results and Algorithmic Consequences.
gaussian mixture models	algorithmic consequences	structural results	local maxima
Spectral Learning of General Weighted Automata via Constrained Matrix Completion.
general weighted automata	constrained matrix completion	spectral learning
Volume Regularization for Binary Classification.
binary classification	volume regularization
People Tracking with the Laplacian Eigenmaps Latent Variable Model.
laplacian eigenmaps latent variable model	people tracking
Tight Bounds for Influence in Diffusion Networks and Application to Bond Percolation and Epidemiology.
diffusion networks	bond percolation	tight bounds
Learning the Architecture of Sum-Product Networks Using Clustering on Variables.
sum-product networks
On the Expressive Power of Restricted Boltzmann Machines.
restricted boltzmann machines	expressive power
Memory-Efficient Backpropagation Through Time.
memory-efficient backpropagation
Approximate Dynamic Programming Finally Performs Well in the Game of Tetris.
approximate dynamic programming finally performs
On Variance Reduction in Stochastic Gradient Descent and its Asynchronous Variants.
stochastic gradient descent	variance reduction	asynchronous variants
Net-Trim: Convex Pruning of Deep Neural Networks with Performance Guarantee.
deep neural networks	performance guarantee	convex pruning
Collapsed Variational Inference for HDP.
collapsed variational inference
Gaussian process based nonlinear latent structure discovery in multivariate spike train data.
gaussian process based nonlinear latent structure discovery	multivariate spike train data
STDP enables spiking neurons to detect hidden causes of their inputs.
stdp enables spiking neurons	detect hidden
A Communication-Efficient Parallel Algorithm for Decision Tree.
communication-efficient parallel algorithm	decision tree
Topmoumoute Online Natural Gradient Algorithm.
topmoumoute online natural gradient algorithm
Speeding up Permutation Testing in Neuroimaging.
permutation testing
CNNpack: Packing Convolutional Neural Networks in the Frequency Domain.
packing convolutional neural networks	frequency domain
Convex Learning with Invariances.
convex learning
Minimax Localization of Structural Information in Large Noisy Matrices.
large noisy matrices	structural information	minimax localization
Hierarchical Penalization.
hierarchical penalization
Subset Selection by Pareto Optimization.
subset selection	pareto optimization
Optimistic Concurrency Control for Distributed Unsupervised Learning.
distributed unsupervised learning	optimistic concurrency control
Multitask Learning without Label Correspondences.
multitask learning	label correspondences
Only H is left: Near-tight Episodic PAC RL.
near-tight episodic pac rl
On Multilabel Classification and Ranking with Partial Feedback.
partial feedback	multilabel classification
Automatic Generation of Social Tags for Music Recommendation.
automatic generation	music recommendation	social tags
Random Walk Approach to Regret Minimization.
random walk approach	regret minimization
Structured Estimation with Atomic Norms: General Bounds and Applications.
structured estimation	general bounds	atomic norms
Accelerated Mini-batch Randomized Block Coordinate Descent Method.
accelerated mini-batch randomized block coordinate descent method
Second-order Optimization for Deep Reinforcement Learning using Kronecker-factored Approximation.
deep reinforcement learning	kronecker-factored approximation	second-order optimization
Maximum Margin Multi-Label Structured Prediction.
maximum margin multi-label structured prediction
On the Accuracy of Self-Normalized Log-Linear Models.
self-normalized log-linear models
Distributed Representations of Words and Phrases and their Compositionality.
distributed representations
Finite-Dimensional BFRY Priors and Variational Bayesian Inference for Power Law Models.
variational bayesian inference	power law models	finite-dimensional bfry priors
Sparse Space-Time Deconvolution for Calcium Image Analysis.
calcium image analysis	sparse space-time deconvolution
Expectation Backpropagation: Parameter-Free Training of Multilayer Neural Networks with Continuous or Discrete Weights.
multilayer neural networks	expectation backpropagation	parameter-free training	discrete weights
Sparse Multi-Task Reinforcement Learning.
sparse multi-task reinforcement learning
Iterative Neural Autoregressive Distribution Estimator NADE-k.
iterative neural autoregressive distribution estimator nade-
An Empirical Bayes Approach to Optimizing Machine Learning Algorithms.
optimizing machine learning algorithms	empirical bayes approach
Towards Conceptual Compression.
conceptual compression
Learning Probabilistic Non-Linear Latent Variable Models for Tracking Complex Activities.
learning probabilistic non-linear latent variable models	tracking complex activities
Causal Bandits: Learning Good Interventions via Causal Inference.
learning good interventions	causal bandits	causal inference
Unlocking neural population non-stationarities using hierarchical dynamics models.
unlocking neural population non-stationarities	hierarchical dynamics models
Ranking via Robust Binary Classification.
robust binary classification
Stochastic Proximal Gradient Descent with Acceleration Techniques.
stochastic proximal gradient descent	acceleration techniques
Learning to Communicate with Deep Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning.
deep multi-agent reinforcement learning
Hierarchical Implicit Models and Likelihood-Free Variational Inference.
likelihood-free variational inference	hierarchical implicit models
A Meta-Learning Perspective on Cold-Start Recommendations for Items.
meta-learning perspective	cold-start recommendations
A Non-generative Framework and Convex Relaxations for Unsupervised Learning.
non-generative framework	convex relaxations	unsupervised learning
Local Causal Discovery of Direct Causes and Effects.
local causal discovery
A P300 BCI for the Masses: Prior Information Enables Instant Unsupervised Spelling.
prior information enables instant unsupervised spelling	p300 bci
Boosting the Area under the ROC Curve.
roc curve
Select-and-Sample for Spike-and-Slab Sparse Coding.
spike-and-slab sparse coding
Protein contact prediction from amino acid co-evolution using convolutional networks for graph-valued images.
protein contact prediction	amino acid co-evolution	convolutional networks	graph-valued images
Predictive State Recurrent Neural Networks.
predictive state recurrent neural networks
Bio-inspired Real Time Sensory Map Realignment in a Robotic Barn Owl.
bio-inspired real time sensory map realignment	robotic barn owl
Kernel-ARMA for Hand Tracking and Brain-Machine interfacing During 3D Motor Control.
3d motor control	brain-machine interfacing	hand tracking
Phase transitions for high-dimensional joint support recovery.
high-dimensional joint support recovery	phase transitions
Distribution Matching for Transduction.
distribution matching
Expectation Maximization and Posterior Constraints.
posterior constraints	expectation maximization
From Bandits to Experts: A Tale of Domination and Independence.
tale
Deconvolution of High Dimensional Mixtures via Boosting, with Application to Diffusion-Weighted MRI of Human Brain.
high dimensional mixtures	diffusion-weighted mri	human brain
Alternating minimization for dictionary learning with random initialization.
dictionary learning	alternating minimization	random initialization
Just-In-Time Learning for Fast and Flexible Inference.
flexible inference	just-in-time learning
Training Factor Graphs with Reinforcement Learning for Efficient MAP Inference.
training factor graphs	efficient map inference	reinforcement learning
Fixing Max-Product: Convergent Message Passing Algorithms for MAP LP-Relaxations.
convergent message passing algorithms	map lp-relaxations	fixing max-product
Predicting Useful Neighborhoods for Lazy Local Learning.
lazy local learning
Simple and Efficient Weighted Minwise Hashing.
efficient weighted minwise hashing
Identification of Gaussian Process State Space Models.
gaussian process state space models
Optimal Binary Classifier Aggregation for General Losses.
optimal binary classifier aggregation	general losses
Adversarial Symmetric Variational Autoencoder.
adversarial symmetric variational autoencoder
Online Markov Decision Processes under Bandit Feedback.
online markov decision processes	bandit feedback
Particle-based Variational Inference for Continuous Systems.
particle-based variational inference	continuous systems
Facial Expression Transfer with Input-Output Temporal Restricted Boltzmann Machines.
input-output temporal restricted boltzmann machines	facial expression transfer
Individualized ROI Optimization via Maximization of Group-wise Consistency of Structural and Functional Profiles.
individualized roi optimization	group-wise consistency	functional profiles
SubmodBoxes: Near-Optimal Search for a Set of Diverse Object Proposals.
diverse object proposals	near-optimal search
The Poisson Gamma Belief Network.
poisson gamma belief network
"Provable ICA with Unknown Gaussian Noise, with Implications for Gaussian Mixtures and Autoencoders".
unknown gaussian noise	gaussian mixtures	provable ica
Optimization Monte Carlo: Efficient and Embarrassingly Parallel Likelihood-Free Inference.
embarrassingly parallel likelihood-free inference	optimization monte carlo
Rotting Bandits.
rotting bandits
Resolution Limits of Sparse Coding in High Dimensions.
sparse coding	high dimensions	resolution limits
Evaluating the inverse decision-making approach to preference learning.
inverse decision-making approach	preference learning
Bayesian Optimization with Exponential Convergence.
bayesian optimization	exponential convergence
Adaptive Market Making via Online Learning.
adaptive market making	online learning
Neurons Equipped with Intrinsic Plasticity Learn Stimulus Intensity Statistics.
intrinsic plasticity learn stimulus intensity statistics	neurons equipped
A Massively Parallel Digital Learning Processor.
massively parallel digital learning processor
Low Rank Approximation Lower Bounds in Row-Update Streams.
low rank approximation lower bounds	row-update streams
LASSO with Non-linear Measurements is Equivalent to One With Linear Measurements.
linear measurements	non-linear measurements
Showing versus doing: Teaching by demonstration.
showing versus
Deep Learning Models of the Retinal Response to Natural Scenes.
deep learning models	retinal response	natural scenes
An Efficient Sequential Monte Carlo Algorithm for Coalescent Clustering.
efficient sequential monte carlo algorithm	coalescent clustering
Fast Distributed k-Center Clustering with Outliers on Massive Data.
fast distributed k-center clustering	massive data
Agnostic Selective Classification.
agnostic selective classification
Structure Learning for Optimization.
structure learning
Online Models for Content Optimization.
online models	content optimization
Influential Node Detection in Implicit Social Networks using Multi-task Gaussian Copula Models.
multi-task gaussian copula models	influential node detection	implicit social networks
Information-theoretic lower bounds for convex optimization with erroneous oracles.
information-theoretic lower bounds	erroneous oracles	convex optimization
Online Variational Approximations to non-Exponential Family Change Point Models: With Application to Radar Tracking.
non-exponential family change point models	online variational approximations	radar tracking
Interactive Control of Diverse Complex Characters with Neural Networks.
diverse complex characters	interactive control	neural networks
Efficient Bayes-Adaptive Reinforcement Learning using Sample-Based Search.
efficient bayes-adaptive reinforcement learning	sample-based search
Multimodal Learning and Reasoning for Visual Question Answering.
visual question answering	multimodal learning
The Neural Dynamics of Visual Processing in Monkey Extrastriate Cortex: A Comparison between Univariate and Multivariate Techniques.
monkey extrastriate cortex	visual processing	multivariate techniques	neural dynamics
Pixels to Graphs by Associative Embedding.
associative embedding
Domain Separation Networks.
domain separation networks
Near-Optimal Entrywise Sampling for Data Matrices.
near-optimal entrywise sampling	data matrices
Learning concept graphs from text with stick-breaking priors.
learning concept graphs	stick-breaking priors
Learning Bound for Parameter Transfer Learning.
parameter transfer learning	learning bound
Interpretable and Globally Optimal Prediction for Textual Grounding using Image Concepts.
globally optimal prediction	textual grounding	image concepts
Double Thompson Sampling for Dueling Bandits.
double thompson sampling	dueling bandits
Stochastic Variance Reduction Methods for Saddle-Point Problems.
stochastic variance reduction methods	saddle-point problems
Gaussian Process Conditional Copulas with Applications to Financial Time Series.
gaussian process conditional copulas	financial time series
The LASSO risk: asymptotic results and real world examples.
real world examples	lasso risk	asymptotic results
Refined Lower Bounds for Adversarial Bandits.
refined lower bounds	adversarial bandits
Local Similarity-Aware Deep Feature Embedding.
local similarity-aware deep feature embedding
Multitask learning meets tensor factorization: task imputation via convex optimization.
multitask learning meets tensor factorization	task imputation	convex optimization
Improved Dynamic Regret for Non-degenerate Functions.
improved dynamic regret	non-degenerate functions
Bounded Regret for Finite-Armed Structured Bandits.
finite-armed structured bandits	bounded regret
Deep Clustered Convolutional Kernels.
deep clustered convolutional kernels
Expressing an Image Stream with a Sequence of Natural Sentences.
natural sentences	image stream
Implicit Regularization in Matrix Factorization.
implicit regularization	matrix factorization
Tractable Bayesian Network Structure Learning with Bounded Vertex Cover Number.
tractable bayesian network structure learning	bounded vertex cover number
Non-Stochastic Bandit Slate Problems.
non-stochastic bandit slate problems
Designing neurophysiology experiments to optimally constrain receptive field models along parametric submanifolds.
optimally constrain receptive field models	designing neurophysiology experiments	parametric submanifolds
Reconstruction of Sparse Circuits Using Multi-neuronal Excitation (RESCUME).
multi-neuronal excitation	sparse circuits
Online Learning of Nonparametric Mixture Models via Sequential Variational Approximation.
sequential variational approximation	nonparametric mixture models	online learning
Using Bayesian Dynamical Systems for Motion Template Libraries.
motion template libraries	bayesian dynamical systems
Diffusion Approximations for Online Principal Component Estimation and Global Convergence.
online principal component estimation	global convergence	diffusion approximations
Automated Variational Inference for Gaussian Process Models.
automated variational inference	gaussian process models
Robust Kernel Density Estimation by Scaling and Projection in Hilbert Space.
robust kernel density estimation	hilbert space
Iterative ranking from pair-wise comparisons.
iterative ranking	pair-wise comparisons
Sphere Embedding: An Application to Part-of-Speech Induction.
part-of-speech induction	sphere embedding
Beyond Brain Reading: Randomized Sparsity and Clustering to Simultaneously Predict and Identify.
simultaneously predict	brain reading	randomized sparsity
Deep Learning with Topological Signatures.
topological signatures	deep learning
First-order Decomposition Trees.
first-order decomposition trees
Label Selection on Graphs.
label selection
Linear Multi-Resource Allocation with Semi-Bandit Feedback.
linear multi-resource allocation	semi-bandit feedback
Submodular meets Structured: Finding Diverse Subsets in Exponentially-Large Structured Item Sets.
exponentially-large structured item sets	submodular meets structured	finding diverse subsets
Kernel Bayesian Inference with Posterior Regularization.
kernel bayesian inference	posterior regularization
Fast global convergence rates of gradient methods for high-dimensional statistical recovery.
fast global convergence rates	high-dimensional statistical recovery	gradient methods
Improvements to the Sequence Memoizer.
sequence memoizer
Measuring Neural Synchrony by Message Passing.
measuring neural synchrony	message passing
COFI RANK - Maximum Margin Matrix Factorization for Collaborative Ranking .
maximum margin matrix factorization	collaborative ranking	cofi rank
Variational Inference for the Nested Chinese Restaurant Process.
nested chinese restaurant process	variational inference
Sufficient Conditions for Agnostic Active Learnable.
agnostic active learnable	sufficient conditions
Learning from Distributions via Support Measure Machines.
support measure machines
Early Detection of Combustion Instability by Neural-Symbolic Analysis on Hi-Speed Video.
neural-symbolic analysis	hi-speed video	early detection	combustion instability
Greedy Model Averaging.
greedy model averaging
Stochastic Expectation Propagation.
stochastic expectation propagation
Variable Importance Using Decision Trees.
variable importance	decision trees
Online control of the false discovery rate with decaying memory.
false discovery rate	online control	decaying memory
Communication-Optimal Distributed Clustering.
communication-optimal distributed clustering
Probabilistic Movement Primitives.
probabilistic movement primitives
Regularized estimation of image statistics by Score Matching.
image statistics	regularized estimation	score matching
Eigen-Distortions of Hierarchical Representations.
hierarchical representations
Multi-Agent Actor-Critic for Mixed Cooperative-Competitive Environments.
mixed cooperative-competitive environments	multi-agent actor-critic
Without-Replacement Sampling for Stochastic Gradient Methods.
stochastic gradient methods	without-replacement sampling
A Kernel Statistical Test of Independence.
kernel statistical test
Which graphical models are difficult to learn?
graphical models
Unsupervised Structure Discovery for Semantic Analysis of Audio.
unsupervised structure discovery	semantic analysis
A Simple Practical Accelerated Method for Finite Sums.
simple practical accelerated method	finite sums
On the Theory of Learnining with Privileged Information.
privileged information
Approximate Inference in Continuous Determinantal Processes.
continuous determinantal processes	approximate inference
End-to-End Goal-Driven Web Navigation.
end-to-end goal-driven web navigation
Learning and using language via recursive pragmatic reasoning about other agents.
recursive pragmatic reasoning
Divisive Normalization: Justification and Effectiveness as Efficient Coding Transform.
efficient coding transform	divisive normalization
On the Information Theoretic Limits of Learning Ising Models.
information theoretic limits	learning ising models
Scalable Methods for Nonnegative Matrix Factorizations of Near-separable Tall-and-skinny Matrices.
nonnegative matrix factorizations	near-separable tall-and-skinny matrices	scalable methods
Operator Variational Inference.
operator variational inference
Multi-label Multiple Kernel Learning by Stochastic Approximation: Application to Visual Object Recognition.
multi-label multiple kernel learning	visual object recognition	stochastic approximation
TernGrad: Ternary Gradients to Reduce Communication in Distributed Deep Learning.
distributed deep learning	reduce communication	ternary gradients
Self-organization using synaptic plasticity.
synaptic plasticity
Supervised Bipartite Graph Inference.
supervised bipartite graph inference
Graphical Models via Generalized Linear Models.
generalized linear models	graphical models
Optimizing Multi-Class Spatio-Spectral Filters via Bayes Error Estimation for EEG Classification.
optimizing multi-class spatio-spectral filters	bayes error estimation	eeg classification
Regret of Queueing Bandits.
queueing bandits
Optimal Rates for Random Fourier Features.
random fourier features	optimal rates
An Integer Optimization Approach to Associative Classification.
integer optimization approach	associative classification
Regularized Distance Metric Learning: Theory and Algorithm.
regularized distance metric learning
Safe Adaptive Importance Sampling.
safe adaptive importance sampling
Active Classification based on Value of Classifier.
active classification based
Deep Convolutional Neural Network for Image Deconvolution.
deep convolutional neural network	image deconvolution
A New Theory for Matrix Completion.
matrix completion
Multi-Stage Dantzig Selector.
multi-stage dantzig selector
Look Ma, No Hands: Analyzing the Monotonic Feature Abstraction for Text Classification.
monotonic feature abstraction	text classification
Bandit Algorithms boost Brain Computer Interfaces for motor-task selection of a brain-controlled button.
bandit algorithms boost brain computer interfaces	brain-controlled button	motor-task selection
Dynamic Revenue Sharing.
dynamic revenue sharing
Worst-case bounds on the quality of max-product fixed-points.
worst-case bounds	max-product fixed-points
Learning to Use Working Memory in Partially Observable Environments through Dopaminergic Reinforcement.
partially observable environments	working memory	dopaminergic reinforcement
Maximin affinity learning of image segmentation.
maximin affinity learning	image segmentation
High-dimensional regression with noisy and missing data: Provable guarantees with non-convexity.
missing data	high-dimensional regression	provable guarantees
Co-regularized Multi-view Spectral Clustering.
co-regularized multi-view spectral clustering
Graphical Time Warping for Joint Alignment of Multiple Curves.
graphical time warping	multiple curves	joint alignment
Fixed-Rank Approximation of a Positive-Semidefinite Matrix from Streaming Data.
fixed-rank approximation	streaming data	positive-semidefinite matrix
Selective inference for group-sparse linear models.
group-sparse linear models	selective inference
Improving the Expected Improvement Algorithm.
expected improvement algorithm
A Constraint Generation Approach to Learning Stable Linear Dynamical Systems.
learning stable linear dynamical systems	constraint generation approach
A configurable analog VLSI neural network with spiking neurons and self-regulating plastic synapses .
configurable analog vlsi neural network	self-regulating plastic synapses	spiking neurons
Factorized Asymptotic Bayesian Inference for Latent Feature Models.
factorized asymptotic bayesian inference	latent feature models
The Mondrian Process.
mondrian process
Induction in Neuroscience with Classification: Issues and Solutions.
neuroscience
Hierarchically Supervised Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
hierarchically supervised latent dirichlet allocation
Analysis of Brain States from Multi-Region LFP Time-Series.
multi-region lfp time-series	brain states
Deep Sets.
deep sets
Model-Powered Conditional Independence Test.
model-powered conditional independence test
Nonlinear Acceleration of Stochastic Algorithms.
nonlinear acceleration	stochastic algorithms
On the Fine-Grained Complexity of Empirical Risk Minimization: Kernel Methods and Neural Networks.
empirical risk minimization	kernel methods	fine-grained complexity	neural networks
Efficient Nonparametric Smoothness Estimation.
efficient nonparametric smoothness estimation
Translation Synchronization via Truncated Least Squares.
translation synchronization
DeepMath - Deep Sequence Models for Premise Selection.
deep sequence models	premise selection
What Are the Invariant Occlusive Components of Image Patches? A Probabilistic Generative Approach.
probabilistic generative approach	invariant occlusive components	image patches
Relevant sparse codes with variational information bottleneck.
variational information bottleneck	relevant sparse codes
Copeland Dueling Bandits.
copeland dueling bandits
An equivalence between high dimensional Bayes optimal inference and M-estimation.
high dimensional bayes optimal inference
Inter-time segment information sharing for non-homogeneous dynamic Bayesian networks.
non-homogeneous dynamic bayesian networks	inter-time segment information sharing
Balancing information exposure in social networks.
balancing information exposure	social networks
Bayesian Sparse Factor Models and DAGs Inference and Comparison.
bayesian sparse factor models	dags inference
A probabilistic model for generating realistic lip movements from speech.
generating realistic lip movements	probabilistic model
Online Learning with a Hint.
online learning
Deep Learning with Kernel Regularization for Visual Recognition.
kernel regularization	deep learning	visual recognition
Scalable imputation of genetic data with a discrete fragmentation-coagulation process.
discrete fragmentation-coagulation process	genetic data	scalable imputation
A Stochastic Gradient Method with an Exponential Convergence Rate for Finite Training Sets.
finite training sets	stochastic gradient method	exponential convergence rate
Accelerating Stochastic Gradient Descent using Predictive Variance Reduction.
accelerating stochastic gradient descent	predictive variance reduction
Query Complexity of Clustering with Side Information.
side information	query complexity
Semi-supervised Learning using Sparse Eigenfunction Bases.
sparse eigenfunction bases	semi-supervised learning
A Residual Bootstrap for High-Dimensional Regression with Near Low-Rank Designs.
residual bootstrap	low-rank designs	high-dimensional regression
Online Learning with Costly Features and Labels.
costly features	online learning
MAP Inference in Chains using Column Generation.
column generation	map inference
EigenNet: A Bayesian hybrid of generative and conditional models for sparse learning.
conditional models	bayesian hybrid	sparse learning
Object Bank: A High-Level Image Representation for Scene Classification & Semantic Feature Sparsification.
scene classification & semantic feature sparsification	high-level image representation	object bank
Robust Near-Isometric Matching via Structured Learning of Graphical Models.
robust near-isometric matching	graphical models	structured learning
Unsupervised Learning of Visual Sense Models for Polysemous Words.
visual sense models	polysemous words	unsupervised learning
Searching for Higgs Boson Decay Modes with Deep Learning.
higgs boson decay modes	deep learning
Learning Infinite RBMs with Frank-Wolfe.
learning infinite rbms
Truncated Variance Reduction: A Unified Approach to Bayesian Optimization and Level-Set Estimation.
truncated variance reduction	unified approach	bayesian optimization	level-set estimation
Grouped Orthogonal Matching Pursuit for Variable Selection and Prediction.
grouped orthogonal matching pursuit	variable selection
Human Rademacher Complexity.
human rademacher complexity
SAGA: A Fast Incremental Gradient Method With Support for Non-Strongly Convex Composite Objectives.
fast incremental gradient method	non-strongly convex composite objectives
Object based Scene Representations using Fisher Scores of Local Subspace Projections.
object based scene representations	local subspace projections	fisher scores
Phased LSTM: Accelerating Recurrent Network Training for Long or Event-based Sequences.
accelerating recurrent network training	event-based sequences	phased lstm
Fast Image Deconvolution using Hyper-Laplacian Priors.
fast image deconvolution	hyper-laplacian priors
Linear Feature Encoding for Reinforcement Learning.
linear feature encoding	reinforcement learning
Inference for determinantal point processes without spectral knowledge.
determinantal point processes	spectral knowledge
Variational Policy Search via Trajectory Optimization.
variational policy search	trajectory optimization
Metric Learning for Temporal Sequence Alignment.
temporal sequence alignment	metric learning
Sparse Polynomial Learning and Graph Sketching.
sparse polynomial learning	graph sketching
Real-time data analysis at the LHC: present and future.
real-time data analysis
Positive Curvature and Hamiltonian Monte Carlo.
hamiltonian monte carlo	positive curvature
Near-linear time approximation algorithms for optimal transport via Sinkhorn iteration.
near-linear time approximation algorithms	optimal transport	sinkhorn iteration
Multiresolution analysis on the symmetric group.
multiresolution analysis	symmetric group
Construction of Dependent Dirichlet Processes based on Poisson Processes.
dependent dirichlet processes based	poisson processes
Robust Sparse Principal Component Regression under the High Dimensional Elliptical Model.
robust sparse principal component regression	high dimensional elliptical model
Deep Neural Networks with Inexact Matching for Person Re-Identification.
deep neural networks	person re-identification	inexact matching
Co-Training for Domain Adaptation.
domain adaptation
DropoutNet: Addressing Cold Start in Recommender Systems.
addressing cold start	recommender systems
Exact Post Model Selection Inference for Marginal Screening.
exact post model selection inference	marginal screening
Perspective Transformer Nets: Learning Single-View 3D Object Reconstruction without 3D Supervision.
learning single-view 3d object reconstruction	perspective transformer nets	3d supervision
Parallelized Stochastic Gradient Descent.
parallelized stochastic gradient descent
Sparse and Smooth Adjustments for Coherent Forecasts in Temporal Aggregation of Time Series.
smooth adjustments	coherent forecasts	temporal aggregation	time series
A Primal-Dual Algorithm for Group Sparse Regularization with Overlapping Groups.
group sparse regularization	primal-dual algorithm	overlapping groups
Learning What and Where to Draw.
draw
Selecting Receptive Fields in Deep Networks.
selecting receptive fields	deep networks
Streaming k-means approximation.
streaming k-means approximation
Support Vector Machines with a Reject Option.
support vector machines	reject option
Convolutional spike-triggered covariance analysis for neural subunit models.
convolutional spike-triggered covariance analysis	neural subunit models
Controlling privacy in recommender systems.
controlling privacy	recommender systems
Online learning in episodic Markovian decision processes by relative entropy policy search.
relative entropy policy search	episodic markovian decision processes	online learning
Exploiting Tradeoffs for Exact Recovery in Heterogeneous Stochastic Block Models.
heterogeneous stochastic block models	exact recovery	exploiting tradeoffs
Random Projections for Manifold Learning.
random projections	manifold learning
Learning Structured Output Representation using Deep Conditional Generative Models.
deep conditional generative models	learning structured output representation
Augmented Functional Time Series Representation and Forecasting with Gaussian Processes.
augmented functional time series representation	gaussian processes
Selective Classification for Deep Neural Networks.
deep neural networks	selective classification
Top-Down Regularization of Deep Belief Networks.
deep belief networks
Non-convex Finite-Sum Optimization Via SCSG Methods.
non-convex finite-sum optimization	scsg methods
A memory frontier for complex synapses.
complex synapses	memory frontier
Linear-Memory and Decomposition-Invariant Linearly Convergent Conditional Gradient Algorithm for Structured Polytopes.
decomposition-invariant linearly convergent conditional gradient algorithm	structured polytopes
Collapsed variational Bayes for Markov jump processes.
collapsed variational bayes	markov jump processes
Sequential effects reflect parallel learning of multiple environmental regularities.
sequential effects reflect parallel learning	multiple environmental regularities
A Probabilistic Model of Social Decision Making based on Reward Maximization.
social decision making based	probabilistic model	reward maximization
Recursive Training of 2D-3D Convolutional Networks for Neuronal Boundary Prediction.
2d-3d convolutional networks	neuronal boundary prediction	recursive training
From Parity to Preference-based Notions of Fairness in Classification.
preference-based notions
Training and Analysing Deep Recurrent Neural Networks.
analysing deep recurrent neural networks
Fusion with Diffusion for Robust Visual Tracking.
robust visual tracking
Bayesian optimization for automated model selection.
automated model selection	bayesian optimization
Bidirectional Recurrent Convolutional Networks for Multi-Frame Super-Resolution.
bidirectional recurrent convolutional networks	multi-frame super-resolution
Dynamic visual attention: searching for coding length increments.
coding length increments	dynamic visual attention
Locally Uniform Comparison Image Descriptor.
locally uniform comparison image descriptor
Convex Relaxations of Latent Variable Training.
latent variable training	convex relaxations
Efficient Structured Matrix Rank Minimization.
efficient structured matrix rank minimization
Optimistic posterior sampling for reinforcement learning: worst-case regret bounds.
worst-case regret bounds	optimistic posterior sampling	reinforcement learning
A Survey of Modern Questions and Challenges in Feature Extraction.
feature extraction	modern questions
A More Powerful Two-Sample Test in High Dimensions using Random Projection.
powerful two-sample test	random projection	high dimensions
Multiple Incremental Decremental Learning of Support Vector Machines.
multiple incremental decremental learning	support vector machines
Gaussian Process Random Fields.
gaussian process random fields
Random Features for Large-Scale Kernel Machines.
large-scale kernel machines	random features
How They Vote: Issue-Adjusted Models of Legislative Behavior.
legislative behavior	issue-adjusted models
Positive Semidefinite Metric Learning with Boosting.
positive semidefinite metric learning
Deep learning with Elastic Averaging SGD.
elastic averaging sgd	deep learning
Efficient Direct Density Ratio Estimation for Non-stationarity Adaptation and Outlier Detection.
efficient direct density ratio estimation	outlier detection	non-stationarity adaptation
Individual Planning in Infinite-Horizon Multiagent Settings: Inference, Structure and Scalability.
infinite-horizon multiagent settings	individual planning
Streaming Min-max Hypergraph Partitioning.
streaming min-max hypergraph partitioning
Dimensionality Reduction of Massive Sparse Datasets Using Coresets.
massive sparse datasets	dimensionality reduction
Conditional Random Field Autoencoders for Unsupervised Structured Prediction.
conditional random field autoencoders	unsupervised structured prediction
Learning Transferrable Representations for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation.
unsupervised domain adaptation	learning transferrable representations
A spatially varying two-sample recombinant coalescent, with applications to HIV escape response.
spatially varying two-sample recombinant coalescent	hiv escape response
Learning Identifiable Gaussian Bayesian Networks in Polynomial Time and Sample Complexity.
learning identifiable gaussian bayesian networks	sample complexity	polynomial time
Dynamic Filter Networks.
dynamic filter networks
Local Algorithms for Approximate Inference in Minor-Excluded Graphs.
approximate inference	minor-excluded graphs	local algorithms
Multi-Task Bayesian Optimization.
multi-task bayesian optimization
An ensemble diversity approach to supervised binary hashing.
supervised binary hashing	ensemble diversity approach
Simulated Annealing: Rigorous finite-time guarantees for optimization on continuous domains.
rigorous finite-time guarantees	simulated annealing	continuous domains
Bayesian Exponential Family PCA.
bayesian exponential family pca
Flexible Transfer Learning under Support and Model Shift.
flexible transfer learning	model shift
Cooled and Relaxed Survey Propagation for MRFs.
relaxed survey propagation
Collaborative Ranking With 17 Parameters.
collaborative ranking
Weighted importance sampling for off-policy learning with linear function approximation.
linear function approximation	weighted importance sampling	off-policy learning
Learning multiple visual domains with residual adapters.
learning multiple visual domains	residual adapters
Efficient Exploration and Value Function Generalization in Deterministic Systems.
deterministic systems	function generalization	efficient exploration
Semiparametric Differential Graph Models.
semiparametric differential graph models
TrueSkill Through Time: Revisiting the History of Chess.
revisiting
Q-MKL: Matrix-induced Regularization in Multi-Kernel Learning with Applications to Neuroimaging.
matrix-induced regularization	multi-kernel learning
SchNet: A continuous-filter convolutional neural network for modeling quantum interactions.
continuous-filter convolutional neural network	modeling quantum interactions
Differentiable Learning of Logical Rules for Knowledge Base Reasoning.
knowledge base reasoning	differentiable learning	logical rules
Eluder Dimension and the Sample Complexity of Optimistic Exploration.
eluder dimension	sample complexity	optimistic exploration
Natural Policy Gradient Methods with Parameter-based Exploration for Control Tasks.
natural policy gradient methods	control tasks	parameter-based exploration
A reinterpretation of the policy oscillation phenomenon in approximate policy iteration.
approximate policy iteration	policy oscillation phenomenon
Streaming, Memory Limited Algorithms for Community Detection.
memory limited algorithms	community detection
On Poisson Graphical Models.
poisson graphical models
A Reduced-Dimension fMRI Shared Response Model.
reduced-dimension fmri shared response model
Scalable Kernel Methods via Doubly Stochastic Gradients.
doubly stochastic gradients	scalable kernel methods
On the Use of Non-Stationary Policies for Stationary Infinite-Horizon Markov Decision Processes.
stationary infinite-horizon markov decision processes	non-stationary policies
Label-Alignment-Based Multi-Task Feature Selection for Multimodal Classification of Brain Disease.
label-alignment-based multi-task feature selection	multimodal classification	brain disease
Computing Marginal Distributions over Continuous Markov Networks for Statistical Relational Learning.
computing marginal distributions	statistical relational learning	continuous markov networks
Measures of Clustering Quality: A Working Set of Axioms for Clustering.
working set
Variational Inference in Mixed Probabilistic Submodular Models.
mixed probabilistic submodular models	variational inference
What do row and column marginals reveal about your dataset?
column marginals reveal
Learning as MAP Inference in Discrete Graphical Models.
discrete graphical models	map inference
GAP Safe screening rules for sparse multi-task and multi-class models.
gap safe screening rules	multi-class models	sparse multi-task
A fast, universal algorithm to learn parametric nonlinear embeddings.
learn parametric nonlinear embeddings	universal algorithm
Train longer, generalize better: closing the generalization gap in large batch training of neural networks.
large batch training	train longer	neural networks	generalization gap
Variational Consensus Monte Carlo.
variational consensus monte carlo
Diffusion-Convolutional Neural Networks.
diffusion-convolutional neural networks
Scalable Demand-Aware Recommendation.
scalable demand-aware recommendation
Reward Augmented Maximum Likelihood for Neural Structured Prediction.
reward augmented maximum likelihood	neural structured prediction
The Recurrent Temporal Restricted Boltzmann Machine.
recurrent temporal restricted boltzmann machine
Regret Bounds for Non-decomposable Metrics with Missing Labels.
non-decomposable metrics	missing labels	regret bounds
Policy Gradient for Coherent Risk Measures.
coherent risk measures	policy gradient
Exact Convex Confidence-Weighted Learning.
exact convex confidence-weighted learning
(More) Efficient Reinforcement Learning via Posterior Sampling.
efficient reinforcement learning	posterior sampling
Gradient descent GAN optimization is locally stable.
gradient descent gan optimization	locally stable
Trading Bitcoin and Online Time Series Prediction.
online time series prediction	trading bitcoin
Collaborative PAC Learning.
collaborative pac learning
Multi-Level Active Prediction of Useful Image Annotations for Recognition.
multi-level active prediction	image annotations
Emergence of Multiplication in a Biophysical Model of a Wide-Field Visual Neuron for Computing Object Approaches: Dynamics, Peaks, & Fits.
wide-field visual neuron	computing object approaches	biophysical model
Gaussian Process Preference Elicitation.
gaussian process preference elicitation
A Powerful Generative Model Using Random Weights for the Deep Image Representation.
powerful generative model	deep image representation	random weights
Extracting Interpretable Models from Matrix Factorization Models.
matrix factorization models	extracting interpretable models
Distributionally Robust Markov Decision Processes.
distributionally robust markov decision processes
Non-parametric Structured Output Networks.
non-parametric structured output networks
Coresets for Scalable Bayesian Logistic Regression.
scalable bayesian logistic regression
Learning to Transduce with Unbounded Memory.
unbounded memory
Convex Deep Learning via Normalized Kernels.
convex deep learning	normalized kernels
A Universal Catalyst for First-Order Optimization.
first-order optimization	universal catalyst
Scalable Semi-Supervised Aggregation of Classifiers.
scalable semi-supervised aggregation
Clustering Sparse Graphs.
clustering sparse graphs
Implicit Differentiation by Perturbation.
implicit differentiation
Managing Power Consumption and Performance of Computing Systems Using Reinforcement Learning.
managing power consumption	computing systems	reinforcement learning
Population Codes Representing Musical Timbre for High-Level fMRI Categorization of Music Genres.
population codes representing musical timbre	high-level fmri categorization	music genres
Distributed Parameter Estimation in Probabilistic Graphical Models.
distributed parameter estimation	probabilistic graphical models
Multi-Task Averaging.
multi-task averaging
Simple MAP Inference via Low-Rank Relaxations.
simple map inference	low-rank relaxations
Zero-Shot Learning Through Cross-Modal Transfer.
zero-shot learning	cross-modal transfer
ALICE: Towards Understanding Adversarial Learning for Joint Distribution Matching.
joint distribution matching	understanding adversarial learning
Learning Optimal Commitment to Overcome Insecurity.
learning optimal commitment	overcome insecurity
An Unsupervised Decontamination Procedure For Improving The Reliability Of Human Judgments.
unsupervised decontamination procedure	human judgments
RTRMC: A Riemannian trust-region method for low-rank matrix completion.
low-rank matrix completion	riemannian trust-region method
Predicting human gaze using low-level saliency combined with face detection.
predicting human gaze	low-level saliency combined	face detection
Bayesian Optimization with Robust Bayesian Neural Networks.
robust bayesian neural networks	bayesian optimization
Active Exploration for Learning Symbolic Representations.
learning symbolic representations	active exploration
Introspective Classification with Convolutional Nets.
convolutional nets	introspective classification
Image Restoration Using Very Deep Convolutional Encoder-Decoder Networks with Symmetric Skip Connections.
deep convolutional encoder-decoder networks	symmetric skip connections	image restoration
Generalized Higher-Order Orthogonal Iteration for Tensor Decomposition and Completion.
generalized higher-order orthogonal iteration	tensor decomposition
Short-term memory in neuronal networks through dynamical compressed sensing.
dynamical compressed sensing	short-term memory	neuronal networks
Joint M-Best-Diverse Labelings as a Parametric Submodular Minimization.
parametric submodular minimization	joint m-best-diverse labelings
Optimal Neural Codes for Control and Estimation.
optimal neural codes
Composing graphical models with neural networks for structured representations and fast inference.
composing graphical models	fast inference	neural networks	structured representations
Direct Importance Estimation with Model Selection and Its Application to Covariate Shift Adaptation.
direct importance estimation	covariate shift adaptation	model selection
Learning Deep Features for Scene Recognition using Places Database.
learning deep features	places database	scene recognition
Local Expectation Gradients for Black Box Variational Inference.
black box variational inference	local expectation gradients
A Non-convex One-Pass Framework for Generalized Factorization Machine and Rank-One Matrix Sensing.
non-convex one-pass framework	generalized factorization machine	matrix sensing
On higher-order perceptron algorithms.
higher-order perceptron algorithms
A Neural Implementation of the Kalman Filter.
kalman filter	neural implementation
Im2Text: Describing Images Using 1 Million Captioned Photographs.
1 million captioned photographs	describing images
Learning Label Trees for Probabilistic Modelling of Implicit Feedback.
learning label trees	probabilistic modelling	implicit feedback
On the Convexity of Latent Social Network Inference.
latent social network inference
Probabilistic Low-Rank Matrix Completion with Adaptive Spectral Regularization Algorithms.
probabilistic low-rank matrix completion	adaptive spectral regularization algorithms
See the Tree Through the Lines: The Shazoo Algorithm.
shazoo algorithm
Sparse Inverse Covariance Matrix Estimation Using Quadratic Approximation.
sparse inverse covariance matrix estimation	quadratic approximation
Kernel Measures of Conditional Dependence.
kernel measures	conditional dependence
Bayesian Co-Training.
bayesian co-training
The rat as particle filter.
particle filter
Predictive Subspace Learning for Multi-view Data: a Large Margin Approach.
predictive subspace learning	large margin approach	multi-view data
Hash Embeddings for Efficient Word Representations.
efficient word representations	hash embeddings
QSGD: Communication-Efficient SGD via Gradient Quantization and Encoding.
communication-efficient sgd	gradient quantization
A graph-theoretic approach to multitasking.
graph-theoretic approach
Bridging the Gap Between Value and Policy Based Reinforcement Learning.
policy based reinforcement learning
Convergent Bounds on the Euclidean Distance.
convergent bounds	euclidean distance
Decision Jungles: Compact and Rich Models for Classification.
decision jungles	rich models
Evaluating probabilities under high-dimensional latent variable models.
high-dimensional latent variable models	evaluating probabilities
Short-Term Depression in VLSI Stochastic Synapse.
vlsi stochastic synapse	short-term depression
Inferring Elapsed Time from Stochastic Neural Processes.
stochastic neural processes	inferring elapsed time
Adaptive Stratified Sampling for Monte-Carlo integration of Differentiable functions.
adaptive stratified sampling	differentiable functions	monte-carlo integration
Monotone k-Submodular Function Maximization with Size Constraints.
monotone k-submodular function maximization	size constraints
Fast Large-scale Mixture Modeling with Component-specific Data Partitions.
fast large-scale mixture modeling	component-specific data partitions
Temporal Dynamics of Cognitive Control.
cognitive control	temporal dynamics
Adaptive Classification for Prediction Under a Budget.
adaptive classification
MAP Estimation for Graphical Models by Likelihood Maximization.
likelihood maximization	graphical models	map estimation
The Marginal Value of Adaptive Gradient Methods in Machine Learning.
adaptive gradient methods	machine learning
Predictive-State Decoders: Encoding the Future into Recurrent Networks.
recurrent networks	predictive-state decoders
Learning from Rational Behavior: Predicting Solutions to Unknown Linear Programs.
unknown linear programs	rational behavior	predicting solutions
A Safe Screening Rule for Sparse Logistic Regression.
safe screening rule	sparse logistic regression
Regularized Modal Regression with Applications in Cognitive Impairment Prediction.
regularized modal regression	cognitive impairment prediction
Transportability from Multiple Environments with Limited Experiments: Completeness Results.
multiple environments	limited experiments	completeness results
Recovering Communities in the General Stochastic Block Model Without Knowing the Parameters.
general stochastic block model	recovering communities
Large Margin Learning of Upstream Scene Understanding Models.
upstream scene understanding models	large margin learning
A Representation Theory for Ranking Functions.
ranking functions	representation theory
Universal low-rank matrix recovery from Pauli measurements.
universal low-rank matrix recovery	pauli measurements
Beyond Convexity: Online Submodular Minimization.
online submodular minimization
Revisit Fuzzy Neural Network: Demystifying Batch Normalization and ReLU with Generalized Hamming Network.
revisit fuzzy neural network	generalized hamming network	demystifying batch normalization
Completely random measures for modelling block-structured sparse networks.
modelling block-structured sparse networks	completely random measures
Discriminative State Space Models.
discriminative state space models
Distributed Dual Averaging In Networks.
distributed dual averaging
Predicting response time and error rates in visual search.
predicting response time	error rates	visual search
Cooperative Graphical Models.
cooperative graphical models
Distance-Based Network Recovery under Feature Correlation.
distance-based network recovery	feature correlation
QMDP-Net: Deep Learning for Planning under Partial Observability.
deep learning	partial observability
"Optimal Neural Tuning Curves for Arbitrary Stimulus Distributions: Discrimax, Infomax and Minimum $L_p$ Loss".
optimal neural tuning curves	arbitrary stimulus distributions	minimum $l_p$ loss
Cell Assemblies in Large Sparse Inhibitory Networks of Biologically Realistic Spiking Neurons.
biologically realistic spiking neurons	large sparse inhibitory networks	cell assemblies
Sequential Transfer in Multi-armed Bandit with Finite Set of Models.
finite set	sequential transfer	multi-armed bandit
Multi-Layer Feature Reduction for Tree Structured Group Lasso via Hierarchical Projection.
tree structured group lasso	multi-layer feature reduction	hierarchical projection
Binary to Bushy: Bayesian Hierarchical Clustering with the Beta Coalescent.
bayesian hierarchical clustering	beta coalescent
Asynchronous Parallel Greedy Coordinate Descent.
asynchronous parallel greedy coordinate descent
Bayesian Optimization for Probabilistic Programs.
bayesian optimization	probabilistic programs
Gradient Weights help Nonparametric Regressors.
nonparametric regressors	gradient weights
Online Bayesian Moment Matching for Topic Modeling with Unknown Number of Topics.
online bayesian moment matching	topic modeling	unknown number
Sequence to Sequence Learning with Neural Networks.
neural networks
Learning Gaussian Graphical Models with Observed or Latent FVSs.
learning gaussian graphical models	latent fvss
Image Denoising and Inpainting with Deep Neural Networks.
deep neural networks	image denoising
Combinatorial Cascading Bandits.
combinatorial cascading bandits
Regularized M-estimators with nonconvexity: Statistical and algorithmic theory for local optima.
algorithmic theory	regularized m-estimators	local optima
Deeply Learning the Messages in Message Passing Inference.
message passing inference	deeply learning
Blind Regression: Nonparametric Regression for Latent Variable Models via Collaborative Filtering.
latent variable models	blind regression	collaborative filtering	nonparametric regression
A Unified Near-Optimal Estimator For Dimension Reduction in lalpha(0 < alpha <= 2) Using Stable Random Projections.
stable random projections	unified near-optimal estimator	dimension reduction
Convex Two-Layer Modeling.
convex two-layer modeling
Information Theoretic Properties of Markov Random Fields, and their Algorithmic Applications.
markov random fields	information theoretic properties	algorithmic applications
Cooperative Inverse Reinforcement Learning.
cooperative inverse reinforcement learning
Minimax Time Series Prediction.
minimax time series prediction
Emergence of Object-Selective Features in Unsupervised Feature Learning.
unsupervised feature learning	object-selective features
Demixing odors - fast inference in olfaction.
demixing odors	fast inference
Gradient-based Sampling: An Adaptive Importance Sampling for Least-squares.
adaptive importance sampling	gradient-based sampling
High Dimensional EM Algorithm: Statistical Optimization and Asymptotic Normality.
high dimensional em algorithm	asymptotic normality	statistical optimization
Selective Prediction of Financial Trends with Hidden Markov Models.
hidden markov models	selective prediction	financial trends
A Multi-step Inertial Forward-Backward Splitting Method for Non-convex Optimization.
multi-step inertial forward-backward splitting method	non-convex optimization
On Sparsity and Overcompleteness in Image Models.
image models
High-Dimensional Gaussian Process Bandits.
high-dimensional gaussian process bandits
Efficient Monte Carlo Counterfactual Regret Minimization in Games with Many Player Actions.
efficient monte carlo counterfactual regret minimization	player actions
On Elicitation Complexity.
elicitation complexity
A Bayesian Data Augmentation Approach for Learning Deep Models.
bayesian data augmentation approach	learning deep models
Preventing Gradient Explosions in Gated Recurrent Units.
preventing gradient explosions	gated recurrent units
Revenue Optimization against Strategic Buyers.
strategic buyers	revenue optimization
A Multiplicative Model for Learning Distributed Text-Based Attribute Representations.
learning distributed text-based attribute representations	multiplicative model
Learning both Weights and Connections for Efficient Neural Network.
efficient neural network
On the Complexity and Approximation of Binary Evidence in Lifted Inference.
binary evidence	lifted inference
Recognizing retinal ganglion cells in the dark.
recognizing retinal ganglion cells
Parallel Feature Selection Inspired by Group Testing.
parallel feature selection inspired	group testing
Minimization of Continuous Bethe Approximations: A Positive Variation.
continuous bethe approximations	positive variation
Parallelizing Support Vector Machines on Distributed Computers.
parallelizing support vector machines	distributed computers
Gradient Episodic Memory for Continual Learning.
gradient episodic memory	continual learning
Learning to learn by gradient descent by gradient descent.
gradient descent
Low-rank matrix reconstruction and clustering via approximate message passing.
approximate message passing	low-rank matrix reconstruction
Efficient Sublinear-Regret Algorithms for Online Sparse Linear Regression with Limited Observation.
online sparse linear regression	efficient sublinear-regret algorithms	limited observation
Combined discriminative and generative articulated pose and non-rigid shape estimation.
generative articulated pose	non-rigid shape estimation	combined discriminative
Target Neighbor Consistent Feature Weighting for Nearest Neighbor Classification.
target neighbor consistent feature weighting	nearest neighbor classification
Near-optimal Regret Bounds for Reinforcement Learning.
near-optimal regret bounds	reinforcement learning
Dykstra's Algorithm, ADMM, and Coordinate Descent: Connections, Insights, and Extensions.
coordinate descent
Clustering by Nonnegative Matrix Factorization Using Graph Random Walk.
nonnegative matrix factorization	graph random walk
Optimization Methods for Sparse Pseudo-Likelihood Graphical Model Selection.
sparse pseudo-likelihood graphical model selection	optimization methods
Sign Cauchy Projections and Chi-Square Kernel.
sign cauchy projections	chi-square kernel
Hierarchical Learning of Dimensional Biases in Human Categorization.
human categorization	hierarchical learning	dimensional biases
Parameter Learning for Log-supermodular Distributions.
parameter learning	log-supermodular distributions
Probabilistic ODE Solvers with Runge-Kutta Means.
probabilistic ode solvers	runge-kutta means
Collecting Telemetry Data Privately.
collecting telemetry data privately
Sobolev Training for Neural Networks.
neural networks	sobolev training
Architectural Complexity Measures of Recurrent Neural Networks.
architectural complexity measures	recurrent neural networks
Multi-view Matrix Factorization for Linear Dynamical System Estimation.
linear dynamical system estimation	multi-view matrix factorization
Group Anomaly Detection using Flexible Genre Models.
group anomaly detection	flexible genre models
Error Propagation for Approximate Policy and Value Iteration.
error propagation	approximate policy
Actor-Critic Algorithms for Risk-Sensitive MDPs.
actor-critic algorithms	risk-sensitive mdps
Generalization Properties of Learning with Random Features.
random features	generalization properties
Optimal Bayesian Recommendation Sets and Myopically Optimal Choice Query Sets.
myopically optimal choice query sets	optimal bayesian recommendation sets
Unsupervised Learning by Program Synthesis.
program synthesis	unsupervised learning
Approximate Inference by Compilation to Arithmetic Circuits.
approximate inference	arithmetic circuits
Simple Local Models for Complex Dynamical Systems.
complex dynamical systems	simple local models
A Transductive Bound for the Voted Classifier with an Application to Semi-supervised Learning.
transductive bound	semi-supervised learning	voted classifier
Robust Data-Driven Dynamic Programming.
robust data-driven dynamic programming
A Randomized Algorithm for Large Scale Support Vector Learning.
large scale support vector learning	randomized algorithm
Learning visual biases from human imagination.
learning visual biases	human imagination
Active Learning with Oracle Epiphany.
oracle epiphany	active learning
Spatial Transformer Networks.
spatial transformer networks
Full-Capacity Unitary Recurrent Neural Networks.
full-capacity unitary recurrent neural networks
Decomposing Isotonic Regression for Efficiently Solving Large Problems.
efficiently solving large problems	decomposing isotonic regression
Modeling Deep Temporal Dependencies with Recurrent "Grammar Cells".
modeling deep temporal dependencies	grammar cells
Fully Bayesian inference for neural models with negative-binomial spiking.
fully bayesian inference	neural models	negative-binomial spiking
The Limits of Learning with Missing Data.
missing data
A Brain-Machine Interface Operating with a Real-Time Spiking Neural Network Control Algorithm.
real-time spiking neural network control algorithm	brain-machine interface operating
Energetically Optimal Action Potentials.
energetically optimal action potentials
Generalization Bounds for Supervised Dimensionality Reduction.
supervised dimensionality reduction	generalization bounds
Maximization of Approximately Submodular Functions.
approximately submodular functions
Estimation of Information Theoretic Measures for Continuous Random Variables.
information theoretic measures	continuous random variables
Stochastic blockmodel approximation of a graphon: Theory and consistent estimation.
stochastic blockmodel approximation	consistent estimation
Heterogeneous multitask learning with joint sparsity constraints.
heterogeneous multitask learning	joint sparsity constraints
Regressive Virtual Metric Learning.
regressive virtual metric learning
Logistic Normal Priors for Unsupervised Probabilistic Grammar Induction.
unsupervised probabilistic grammar induction	logistic normal priors
Nyström Method vs Random Fourier Features: A Theoretical and Empirical Comparison.
random fourier features	empirical comparison
Bayesian Policy Learning with Trans-Dimensional MCMC.
bayesian policy learning	trans-dimensional mcmc
Formal Guarantees on the Robustness of a Classifier against Adversarial Manipulation.
adversarial manipulation	formal guarantees
An analysis on negative curvature induced by singularity in multi-layer neural-network learning.
negative curvature induced	multi-layer neural-network learning
Algorithms for Infinitely Many-Armed Bandits.
infinitely many-armed bandits
A Reinforcement Learning Theory for Homeostatic Regulation.
reinforcement learning theory	homeostatic regulation
Deep Learning Games.
deep learning games
Robust Estimation of Neural Signals in Calcium Imaging.
neural signals	calcium imaging	robust estimation
On the Linear Convergence of the Proximal Gradient Method for Trace Norm Regularization.
trace norm regularization	proximal gradient method	linear convergence
Sub-sampled Newton Methods with Non-uniform Sampling.
sub-sampled newton methods	non-uniform sampling
Scoring Workers in Crowdsourcing: How Many Control Questions are Enough?
scoring workers	control questions
Variable margin losses for classifier design.
variable margin losses	classifier design
Semi-Crowdsourced Clustering: Generalizing Crowd Labeling by Robust Distance Metric Learning.
robust distance metric learning	generalizing crowd labeling	semi-crowdsourced clustering
Better Mini-Batch Algorithms via Accelerated Gradient Methods.
accelerated gradient methods	mini-batch algorithms
Optimistic Linear Programming gives Logarithmic Regret for Irreducible MDPs.
optimistic linear programming	irreducible mdps	logarithmic regret
Recovery of Sparse Probability Measures via Convex Programming.
sparse probability measures	convex programming
Matching neural paths: transfer from recognition to correspondence search.
matching neural paths	correspondence search
Scalable Adaptive Stochastic Optimization Using Random Projections.
scalable adaptive stochastic optimization	random projections
Accelerated Training for Matrix-norm Regularization: A Boosting Approach.
boosting approach	matrix-norm regularization	accelerated training
Global seismic monitoring as probabilistic inference.
global seismic monitoring	probabilistic inference
Accelerating Bayesian Inference over Nonlinear Differential Equations with Gaussian Processes.
nonlinear differential equations	accelerating bayesian inference	gaussian processes
Phase Transitions in the Pooled Data Problem.
pooled data problem	phase transitions
Generalized Method-of-Moments for Rank Aggregation.
generalized method-of-moments	rank aggregation
Inferring sparse representations of continuous signals with continuous orthogonal matching pursuit.
continuous orthogonal matching pursuit	inferring sparse representations	continuous signals
The Power of Optimization from Samples.
optimization
Convolutional Dictionary Learning through Tensor Factorization.
convolutional dictionary learning	tensor factorization
Worst-Case Linear Discriminant Analysis.
worst-case linear discriminant analysis
Contrastive Learning for Image Captioning.
contrastive learning	image captioning
Two-Layer Generalization Analysis for Ranking Using Rademacher Average.
two-layer generalization analysis	rademacher average
Gaussian Processes for Survival Analysis.
survival analysis	gaussian processes
Transportability from Multiple Environments with Limited Experiments.
multiple environments	limited experiments
Exact Recovery of Hard Thresholding Pursuit.
hard thresholding pursuit	exact recovery
Bayesian active learning with localized priors for fast receptive field characterization.
fast receptive field characterization	bayesian active learning	localized priors
Weighted Likelihood Policy Search with Model Selection.
weighted likelihood policy search	model selection
Model Selection in Gaussian Graphical Models: High-Dimensional Consistency of l1-regularized MLE.
gaussian graphical models	high-dimensional consistency	l1-regularized mle	model selection
Median Selection Subset Aggregation for Parallel Inference.
median selection subset aggregation	parallel inference
Exploiting easy data in online optimization.
exploiting easy data	online optimization
HONOR: Hybrid Optimization for NOn-convex Regularized problems.
non-convex regularized problems	hybrid optimization
Simultaneous Rectification and Alignment via Robust Recovery of Low-rank Tensors.
robust recovery	low-rank tensors	simultaneous rectification
Linear regression without correspondence.
linear regression
Minimal Exploration in Structured Stochastic Bandits.
structured stochastic bandits	minimal exploration
Robust Conditional Probabilities.
robust conditional probabilities
Context-sensitive active sensing in humans.
context-sensitive active sensing
Flexible Models for Microclustering with Application to Entity Resolution.
entity resolution	flexible models
Synergies in learning words and their referents.
learning words
Random Conic Pursuit for Semidefinite Programming.
random conic pursuit	semidefinite programming
Attractor Dynamics with Synaptic Depression.
attractor dynamics	synaptic depression
Group Sparse Additive Machine.
group sparse additive machine
Modeling the spacing effect in sequential category learning.
sequential category learning	spacing effect
Zap Q-Learning.
zap q-learning
Quantifying how much sensory information in a neural code is relevant for behavior.
sensory information	neural code
Magnitude-sensitive preference formation.
magnitude-sensitive preference formation
Rethinking LDA: Moment Matching for Discrete ICA.
discrete ica	rethinking lda	moment matching
Multiple-Instance Active Learning.
multiple-instance active learning
A Dual Algorithm for Olfactory Computation in the Locust Brain.
dual algorithm	olfactory computation	locust brain
Multi-stage Convex Relaxation for Learning with Sparse Regularization.
multi-stage convex relaxation	sparse regularization
Fast Determinantal Point Process Sampling with Application to Clustering.
fast determinantal point process sampling
Randomized Block Krylov Methods for Stronger and Faster Approximate Singular Value Decomposition.
randomized block krylov methods	faster approximate singular
Learning from Complementary Labels.
complementary labels
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 25: 26th Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems 2012. Proceedings of a meeting held December 3-6, 2012, Lake Tahoe, Nevada, United States.
neural information processing systems 2012	neural information processing systems 25	meeting held december 3-6	26th annual conference	united states	lake tahoe
Unsupervised Transformation Learning via Convex Relaxations.
unsupervised transformation learning	convex relaxations
On the Pseudo-Dimension of Nearly Optimal Auctions.
optimal auctions
Stochastic Optimization of PCA with Capped MSG.
stochastic optimization	capped msg
Scaled Gradients on Grassmann Manifolds for Matrix Completion.
scaled gradients	grassmann manifolds	matrix completion
Tight Complexity Bounds for Optimizing Composite Objectives.
tight complexity bounds	optimizing composite objectives
Static Analysis of Binary Executables Using Structural SVMs.
structural svms	binary executables	static analysis
Adaptive Online Learning.
adaptive online learning
Quasi-Newton Methods for Markov Chain Monte Carlo.
markov chain monte carlo	quasi-newton methods
Q-LDA: Uncovering Latent Patterns in Text-based Sequential Decision Processes.
text-based sequential decision processes	uncovering latent patterns
Online Sum-Product Computation Over Trees.
online sum-product computation
Designed Measurements for Vector Count Data.
vector count data	designed measurements
Spectral Methods for Indian Buffet Process Inference.
indian buffet process inference	spectral methods
Learning from Neighboring Strokes: Combining Appearance and Context for Multi-Domain Sketch Recognition.
multi-domain sketch recognition	combining appearance	neighboring strokes
Empirical Bernstein Inequalities for U-Statistics.
empirical bernstein inequalities
The Infinite Mixture of Infinite Gaussian Mixtures.
infinite gaussian mixtures	infinite mixture
Deep Learning for Predicting Human Strategic Behavior.
predicting human strategic behavior	deep learning
Randomized Algorithms for Comparison-based Search.
comparison-based search	randomized algorithms
Clustering from Labels and Time-Varying Graphs.
time-varying graphs
New Subsampling Algorithms for Fast Least Squares Regression.
squares regression	subsampling algorithms
Efficient Methods for Overlapping Group Lasso.
overlapping group lasso	efficient methods
Supervised Clustering.
supervised clustering
Bayesian Warped Gaussian Processes.
bayesian warped gaussian processes
Real-Time Decoding of an Integrate and Fire Encoder.
fire encoder	real-time decoding
An Exact Algorithm for F-Measure Maximization.
f-measure maximization	exact algorithm
Estimating Learning Effects: A Short-Time Fourier Transform Regression Model for MEG Source Localization.
short-time fourier transform regression model	meg source localization	estimating learning effects
Active Estimation of F-Measures.
active estimation
Reconstructing Patterns of Information Diffusion from Incomplete Observations.
reconstructing patterns	information diffusion	incomplete observations
Estimating divergence functionals and the likelihood ratio by penalized convex risk minimization.
penalized convex risk minimization	estimating divergence functionals	likelihood ratio
Optimal Regularized Dual Averaging Methods for Stochastic Optimization.
optimal regularized dual averaging methods	stochastic optimization
Robust Portfolio Optimization.
robust portfolio optimization
Equality of Opportunity in Supervised Learning.
supervised learning
Modeling Short-term Noise Dependence of Spike Counts in Macaque Prefrontal Cortex.
modeling short-term noise dependence	macaque prefrontal cortex	spike counts
Fast, Provable Algorithms for Isotonic Regression in all L_p-norms.
provable algorithms	isotonic regression
Unbiased estimates for linear regression via volume sampling.
unbiased estimates	volume sampling	linear regression
Unified Methods for Exploiting Piecewise Linear Structure in Convex Optimization.
exploiting piecewise linear structure	convex optimization	unified methods
Mapping paradigm ontologies to and from the brain.
mapping paradigm ontologies
Spatial and anatomical regularization of SVM for brain image analysis.
brain image analysis	anatomical regularization
Optimistic Bandit Convex Optimization.
optimistic bandit convex optimization
Learning Hybrid Models for Image Annotation with Partially Labeled Data.
partially labeled data	learning hybrid models	image annotation
Neural Information Processing Systems (NIPS) Mini-Symposium on Causality in Time Series, Vancouver, Canada, December 10, 2009
neural information processing systems	time series
Understanding Probabilistic Sparse Gaussian Process Approximations.
understanding probabilistic sparse gaussian process approximations
Sidestepping Intractable Inference with Structured Ensemble Cascades.
sidestepping intractable inference	structured ensemble cascades
Joint 3D Estimation of Objects and Scene Layout.
joint 3d estimation	scene layout
Learning Bayesian networks with ancestral constraints.
learning bayesian networks	ancestral constraints
Sparse Convolved Gaussian Processes for Multi-output Regression.
sparse convolved gaussian processes	multi-output regression
Interpreting prediction markets: a stochastic approach.
interpreting prediction markets	stochastic approach
Hyperalignment of Multi-subject fMRI Data by Synchronized Projections.
multi-subject fmri data	synchronized projections
Optimal Scoring for Unsupervised Learning.
optimal scoring	unsupervised learning
Efficient Learning by Directed Acyclic Graph For Resource Constrained Prediction.
resource constrained prediction	directed acyclic graph	efficient learning
Predictive State Temporal Difference Learning.
predictive state temporal difference learning
Block Variable Selection in Multivariate Regression and High-dimensional Causal Inference.
high-dimensional causal inference	block variable selection	multivariate regression
Parallel Streaming Wasserstein Barycenters.
parallel streaming wasserstein barycenters
Efficient and Parsimonious Agnostic Active Learning.
parsimonious agnostic active learning
Fairness in Learning: Classic and Contextual Bandits.
contextual bandits
Recurrent linear models of simultaneously-recorded neural populations.
recurrent linear models	simultaneously-recorded neural populations
Neural Adaptive Sequential Monte Carlo.
neural adaptive sequential monte carlo
Information-theoretic lower bounds for distributed statistical estimation with communication constraints.
information-theoretic lower bounds	distributed statistical estimation	communication constraints
Generalization Errors and Learning Curves for Regression with Multi-task Gaussian Processes.
multi-task gaussian processes	generalization errors	learning curves
Hierarchical Modeling of Local Image Features through $L_p$-Nested Symmetric Distributions.
$l_p$-nested symmetric distributions	local image features	hierarchical modeling
Wasserstein Training of Restricted Boltzmann Machines.
restricted boltzmann machines	wasserstein training
Trajectory-Based Short-Sighted Probabilistic Planning.
trajectory-based short-sighted probabilistic planning
Linear Convergence with Condition Number Independent Access of Full Gradients.
condition number independent access	linear convergence	full gradients
The Infinite Markov Model.
infinite markov model
Mapping distinct timescales of functional interactions among brain networks.
mapping distinct timescales	functional interactions	brain networks
Lexical and Hierarchical Topic Regression.
hierarchical topic regression
A simple model of recognition and recall memory.
simple model	recall memory
Learning Prices for Repeated Auctions with Strategic Buyers.
strategic buyers	learning prices	repeated auctions
Bayesian Nonlinear Support Vector Machines and Discriminative Factor Modeling.
bayesian nonlinear support vector machines	discriminative factor modeling
An online Hebbian learning rule that performs Independent Component Analysis.
online hebbian learning rule	performs independent component analysis
Improved Graph Laplacian via Geometric Self-Consistency.
improved graph laplacian	geometric self-consistency
Experience-Guided Search: A Theory of Attentional Control.
experience-guided search	attentional control
Fast Algorithms for Gaussian Noise Invariant Independent Component Analysis.
gaussian noise invariant independent component analysis	fast algorithms
Human Memory Search as Initial-Visit Emitting Random Walk.
initial-visit emitting random walk	human memory search
Edge-exchangeable graphs and sparsity.
edge-exchangeable graphs
Learning Probability Measures with respect to Optimal Transport Metrics.
optimal transport metrics	learning probability measures
Learning person-object interactions for action recognition in still images.
learning person-object interactions	action recognition
Hierarchical Deep Reinforcement Learning: Integrating Temporal Abstraction and Intrinsic Motivation.
hierarchical deep reinforcement learning	integrating temporal abstraction	intrinsic motivation
Analysis and Improvement of Policy Gradient Estimation.
policy gradient estimation
What makes some POMDP problems easy to approximate?
pomdp problems easy
Efficient Neural Computation in the Laplace Domain.
efficient neural computation	laplace domain
Gradient Methods for Submodular Maximization.
gradient methods	submodular maximization
Less is More: Nyström Computational Regularization.
computational regularization
Graphons, mergeons, and so on!
mergeons
Estimating the Location and Orientation of Complex, Correlated Neural Activity using MEG.
correlated neural activity
Color Constancy by Learning to Predict Chromaticity from Luminance.
color constancy	predict chromaticity
Deconvolutional Paragraph Representation Learning.
deconvolutional paragraph representation learning
Generalized Linear Model Regression under Distance-to-set Penalties.
generalized linear model regression	distance-to-set penalties
The Manifold Tangent Classifier.
manifold tangent classifier
An Inverse Power Method for Nonlinear Eigenproblems with Applications in 1-Spectral Clustering and Sparse PCA.
inverse power method	nonlinear eigenproblems	1-spectral clustering	sparse pca
Particle Gibbs for Infinite Hidden Markov Models.
infinite hidden markov models	particle gibbs
Stochastic variational inference for hidden Markov models.
stochastic variational inference	hidden markov models
Learning to Explore and Exploit in POMDPs.
pomdps
Active Regression by Stratification.
active regression
Unsupervised Image-to-Image Translation Networks.
unsupervised image-to-image translation networks
Fast Graph Laplacian Regularized Kernel Learning via Semidefinite-Quadratic-Linear Programming.
fast graph laplacian regularized kernel learning	semidefinite-quadratic-linear programming
Training Deep Networks without Learning Rates Through Coin Betting.
training deep networks	learning rates	coin betting
Extracting Latent Structure From Multiple Interacting Neural Populations.
multiple interacting neural populations	extracting latent structure
A General Framework for Robust Interactive Learning.
robust interactive learning	general framework
Sparse PCA via Covariance Thresholding.
sparse pca	covariance thresholding
The Doubly Correlated Nonparametric Topic Model.
doubly correlated nonparametric topic model
Adaptive Maximization of Pointwise Submodular Functions With Budget Constraint.
pointwise submodular functions	budget constraint	adaptive maximization
A framework for Multi-A(rmed)/B(andit) Testing with Online FDR Control.
online fdr control
Active Preference Learning with Discrete Choice Data.
active preference learning	discrete choice data
Counting Solution Clusters in Graph Coloring Problems Using Belief Propagation.
graph coloring problems	counting solution clusters	belief propagation
Learning in Markov Random Fields using Tempered Transitions.
markov random fields	tempered transitions
Review Networks for Caption Generation.
caption generation	review networks
Inference with Multivariate Heavy-Tails in Linear Models.
linear models	multivariate heavy-tails
Brain covariance selection: better individual functional connectivity models using population prior.
individual functional connectivity models	brain covariance selection	population prior
SVCCA: Singular Vector Canonical Correlation Analysis for Deep Learning Dynamics and Interpretability.
singular vector canonical correlation analysis	deep learning dynamics
General Stochastic Networks for Classification.
general stochastic networks
Minimax Optimal Algorithms for Unconstrained Linear Optimization.
unconstrained linear optimization	minimax optimal algorithms
Convergent Fitted Value Iteration with Linear Function Approximation.
linear function approximation	convergent fitted
Hierarchical Methods of Moments.
hierarchical methods
Syntactic Topic Models.
syntactic topic models
Learning and Forecasting Opinion Dynamics in Social Networks.
forecasting opinion dynamics	social networks
Fast Sampling-Based Inference in Balanced Neuronal Networks.
fast sampling-based inference	balanced neuronal networks
Self-Normalizing Neural Networks.
self-normalizing neural networks
Proximal Newton-type methods for convex optimization.
proximal newton-type methods	convex optimization
Nonconvex Penalization Using Laplace Exponents and Concave Conjugates.
concave conjugates	nonconvex penalization	laplace exponents
Transfer Learning in a Transductive Setting.
transductive setting	transfer learning
Learning to combine foveal glimpses with a third-order Boltzmann machine.
third-order boltzmann machine	combine foveal glimpses
Decoding with Value Networks for Neural Machine Translation.
neural machine translation
A Deep Architecture for Matching Short Texts.
matching short texts	deep architecture
A Reduction from Apprenticeship Learning to Classification.
apprenticeship learning
Articulated Pose Estimation by a Graphical Model with Image Dependent Pairwise Relations.
image dependent pairwise relations	articulated pose estimation	graphical model
Learning with Transformation Invariant Kernels.
transformation invariant kernels
When Cyclic Coordinate Descent Outperforms Randomized Coordinate Descent.
cyclic coordinate descent outperforms randomized coordinate descent
On the Convergence Rate of Decomposable Submodular Function Minimization.
decomposable submodular function minimization	convergence rate
Self-supervised Learning of Motion Capture.
motion capture	self-supervised learning
Distributed Submodular Maximization: Identifying Representative Elements in Massive Data.
distributed submodular maximization	identifying representative elements	massive data
Subspace Clustering via Tangent Cones.
tangent cones	subspace clustering
Probabilistic Inference and Differential Privacy.
differential privacy	probabilistic inference
Multi-Prediction Deep Boltzmann Machines.
multi-prediction deep boltzmann machines
Adaptive Regularization of Weight Vectors.
weight vectors	adaptive regularization
EDML for Learning Parameters in Directed and Undirected Graphical Models.
undirected graphical models	learning parameters
A quasi-Newton proximal splitting method.
quasi-newton proximal splitting method
Submultiplicative Glivenko-Cantelli and Uniform Convergence of Revenues.
uniform convergence	submultiplicative glivenko-cantelli
Dynamic Infinite Relational Model for Time-varying Relational Data Analysis.
dynamic infinite relational model	time-varying relational data analysis
CliqueCNN: Deep Unsupervised Exemplar Learning.
deep unsupervised exemplar learning
Consistent Multitask Learning with Nonlinear Output Relations.
nonlinear output relations	consistent multitask learning
Infinite Latent SVM for Classification and Multi-task Learning.
infinite latent svm	multi-task learning
Bayesian Sampling Using Stochastic Gradient Thermostats.
stochastic gradient thermostats	bayesian sampling
Maximal Sparsity with Deep Networks?
maximal sparsity	deep networks
Spatial Normalized Gamma Processes.
spatial normalized gamma processes
Disentangling factors of variation in deep representation using adversarial training.
disentangling factors	adversarial training	deep representation
Conditional Swap Regret and Conditional Correlated Equilibrium.
conditional correlated equilibrium	conditional swap regret
Probabilistic amplitude and frequency demodulation.
probabilistic amplitude	frequency demodulation
Indian Buffet Processes with Power-law Behavior.
indian buffet processes	power-law behavior
Neural Discrete Representation Learning.
neural discrete representation learning
The topographic unsupervised learning of natural sounds in the auditory cortex.
topographic unsupervised learning	auditory cortex	natural sounds
Scalable Inference for Gaussian Process Models with Black-Box Likelihoods.
gaussian process models	black-box likelihoods	scalable inference
Bayesian inference for low rank spatiotemporal neural receptive fields.
low rank spatiotemporal neural receptive fields	bayesian inference
On Ranking in Survival Analysis: Bounds on the Concordance Index.
concordance index	survival analysis
Variable Binding through Assemblies in Spiking Neural Networks.
spiking neural networks	variable binding
Proceedings of the NIPS 2016 Time Series Workshop, co-located with the 30th Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NIPS 2016), Barcelona, Spain, December 9, 2016
neural information processing systems	nips 2016 time series workshop	30th annual conference
Categories and Functional Units: An Infinite Hierarchical Model for Brain Activations.
infinite hierarchical model	brain activations	functional units
The Time-Marginalized Coalescent Prior for Hierarchical Clustering.
time-marginalized coalescent prior	hierarchical clustering
PerforatedCNNs: Acceleration through Elimination of Redundant Convolutions.
redundant convolutions
An algorithm for L1 nearest neighbor search via monotonic embedding.
l1 nearest neighbor search	monotonic embedding
Fast and Memory Optimal Low-Rank Matrix Approximation.
memory optimal low-rank matrix approximation
Memory Limited, Streaming PCA.
memory limited	streaming pca
Multi-Label Prediction via Compressed Sensing.
multi-label prediction	compressed sensing
Spectral k-Support Norm Regularization.
spectral k-support norm regularization
Semi-Supervised Learning in Gigantic Image Collections.
gigantic image collections	semi-supervised learning
Multilabel Structured Output Learning with Random Spanning Trees of Max-Margin Markov Networks.
multilabel structured output learning	max-margin markov networks	random spanning trees
Deep Fragment Embeddings for Bidirectional Image Sentence Mapping.
bidirectional image sentence mapping	deep fragment embeddings
Free energy score space.
free energy score space
TD_gamma: Re-evaluating Complex Backups in Temporal Difference Learning.
re-evaluating complex backups	temporal difference learning
Who's Doing What: Joint Modeling of Names and Verbs for Simultaneous Face and Pose Annotation.
simultaneous face	joint modeling	pose annotation
Convolutional Networks on Graphs for Learning Molecular Fingerprints.
learning molecular fingerprints	convolutional networks
Generalized Random Utility Models with Multiple Types.
generalized random utility models	multiple types
Word Features for Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
latent dirichlet allocation	word features
Minimax Estimation of Bandable Precision Matrices.
bandable precision matrices	minimax estimation
Truncation-free Online Variational Inference for Bayesian Nonparametric Models.
truncation-free online variational inference	bayesian nonparametric models
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 24: 25th Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems 2011. Proceedings of a meeting held 12-14 December 2011, Granada, Spain.
neural information processing systems 2011	meeting held 12-14 december 2011	neural information processing systems 24	25th annual conference
Adaptive Primal-Dual Splitting Methods for Statistical Learning and Image Processing.
adaptive primal-dual splitting methods	image processing	statistical learning
The Forget-me-not Process.
process
Robustness and risk-sensitivity in Markov decision processes.
markov decision processes
Repeated Contextual Auctions with Strategic Buyers.
repeated contextual auctions	strategic buyers
Firing rate predictions in optimal balanced networks.
firing rate predictions	optimal balanced networks
Generating Videos with Scene Dynamics.
generating videos	scene dynamics
Locally Adaptive Bayesian Multivariate Time Series.
locally adaptive bayesian multivariate time series
Testing and Learning on Distributions with Symmetric Noise Invariance.
symmetric noise invariance
Backprop KF: Learning Discriminative Deterministic State Estimators.
learning discriminative deterministic state estimators	backprop kf
Perfect Associative Learning with Spike-Timing-Dependent Plasticity.
perfect associative learning	spike-timing-dependent plasticity
On the Completeness of First-Order Knowledge Compilation for Lifted Probabilistic Inference.
lifted probabilistic inference	first-order knowledge compilation
Stochastic Gradient MCMC with Stale Gradients.
stochastic gradient mcmc	stale gradients
Learning Invariant Representations of Molecules for Atomization Energy Prediction.
learning invariant representations	atomization energy prediction
Do Deep Nets Really Need to be Deep?
deep nets
Learning with Symmetric Label Noise: The Importance of Being Unhinged.
symmetric label noise
Repulsive Mixtures.
repulsive mixtures
Learning a Small Mixture of Trees.
small mixture
Alternating Estimation for Structured High-Dimensional Multi-Response Models.
structured high-dimensional multi-response models	alternating estimation
Particle Filter-based Policy Gradient in POMDPs.
particle filter-based policy gradient
Learning with Partially Absorbing Random Walks.
partially absorbing random walks
Augmentative Message Passing for Traveling Salesman Problem and Graph Partitioning.
augmentative message passing	traveling salesman problem	graph partitioning
Stochastic Network Design in Bidirected Trees.
stochastic network design	bidirected trees
Kernel Extraction via Voted Risk Minimization.
voted risk minimization	kernel extraction
Anytime Influence Bounds and the Explosive Behavior of Continuous-Time Diffusion Networks.
continuous-time diffusion networks	anytime influence bounds	explosive behavior
Congruence between model and human attention reveals unique signatures of critical visual events.
human attention reveals unique signatures	critical visual events
Effects of Stimulus Type and of Error-Correcting Code Design on BCI Speller Performance.
bci speller performance	error-correcting code design	stimulus type
Sparse Bayesian structure learning with dependent relevance determination priors.
dependent relevance determination priors	sparse bayesian structure learning
Training recurrent networks to generate hypotheses about how the brain solves hard navigation problems.
brain solves hard navigation problems	training recurrent networks	generate hypotheses
The Neural Costs of Optimal Control.
neural costs	optimal control
Private Graphon Estimation for Sparse Graphs.
private graphon estimation	sparse graphs
Fantope Projection and Selection: A near-optimal convex relaxation of sparse PCA.
near-optimal convex relaxation	sparse pca	fantope projection
Dual-Space Analysis of the Sparse Linear Model.
sparse linear model	dual-space analysis
Cocktail Party Processing via Structured Prediction.
cocktail party processing	structured prediction
On Communication Cost of Distributed Statistical Estimation and Dimensionality.
distributed statistical estimation	communication cost
Generative Local Metric Learning for Kernel Regression.
generative local metric learning	kernel regression
Bayesian dark knowledge.
bayesian dark knowledge
Online Learning in The Manifold of Low-Rank Matrices.
online learning	low-rank matrices
Community Detection on Evolving Graphs.
community detection	evolving graphs
Mapping Estimation for Discrete Optimal Transport.
discrete optimal transport	mapping estimation
Transfer from Multiple MDPs.
multiple mdps
Dirichlet-Bernoulli Alignment: A Generative Model for Multi-Class Multi-Label Multi-Instance Corpora.
multi-class multi-label multi-instance corpora	generative model	dirichlet-bernoulli alignment
Optimal ROC Curve for a Combination of Classifiers.
optimal roc curve
From random walks to distances on unweighted graphs.
unweighted graphs	random walks
Certified Defenses for Data Poisoning Attacks.
data poisoning attacks	certified defenses
On Stochastic and Worst-case Models for Investing.
worst-case models
A Tractable Approximation to Optimal Point Process Filtering: Application to Neural Encoding.
optimal point process filtering	neural encoding	tractable approximation
Deep Subspace Clustering Networks.
deep subspace clustering networks
Online Learning of Dynamic Parameters in Social Networks.
online learning	dynamic parameters	social networks
Accelerated consensus via Min-Sum Splitting.
min-sum splitting	accelerated consensus
InfoGAN: Interpretable Representation Learning by Information Maximizing Generative Adversarial Nets.
information maximizing generative adversarial nets	interpretable representation learning
Causal Strategic Inference in Networked Microfinance Economies.
networked microfinance economies	causal strategic inference
Learning on graphs using Orthonormal Representation is Statistically Consistent.
orthonormal representation	statistically consistent
Exponential Family Graph Matching and Ranking.
exponential family graph matching
Semi-Supervised Multitask Learning.
semi-supervised multitask learning
Load and Attentional Bayes.
attentional bayes
On Invariance in Hierarchical Models.
hierarchical models
Discovering, Learning and Exploiting Relevance.
exploiting relevance
Bayesian Intermittent Demand Forecasting for Large Inventories.
bayesian intermittent demand forecasting	large inventories
Multi-Class Deep Boosting.
multi-class deep boosting
Real Time Image Saliency for Black Box Classifiers.
real time image saliency	black box classifiers
The Noisy Power Method: A Meta Algorithm with Applications.
noisy power method	meta algorithm
Langevin Dynamics with Continuous Tempering for Training Deep Neural Networks.
training deep neural networks	continuous tempering	langevin dynamics
Achieving budget-optimality with adaptive schemes in crowdsourcing.
adaptive schemes	achieving budget-optimality
Partial Hard Thresholding: Towards A Principled Analysis of Support Recovery.
partial hard thresholding	support recovery	principled analysis
Estimating Mutual Information for Discrete-Continuous Mixtures.
estimating mutual information	discrete-continuous mixtures
Hierarchical Object Representation for Open-Ended Object Category Learning and Recognition.
open-ended object category learning	hierarchical object representation
Asymptotic Analysis of MAP Estimation via the Replica Method and Compressed Sensing.
asymptotic analysis	replica method	map estimation	compressed sensing
Efficient coding provides a direct link between prior and likelihood in perceptual Bayesian inference.
perceptual bayesian inference	efficient coding	direct link
Regret based Robust Solutions for Uncertain Markov Decision Processes.
regret based robust solutions	uncertain markov decision processes
Trimmed Density Ratio Estimation.
trimmed density ratio estimation
Combinatorial Structures and Processing in Neural Blackboard Architectures.
neural blackboard architectures	combinatorial structures
RETAIN: An Interpretable Predictive Model for Healthcare using Reverse Time Attention Mechanism.
reverse time attention mechanism	interpretable predictive model
Safe Policy Improvement by Minimizing Robust Baseline Regret.
minimizing robust baseline regret	safe policy improvement
Sparse nonnegative deconvolution for compressive calcium imaging: algorithms and phase transitions.
sparse nonnegative deconvolution	compressive calcium imaging	phase transitions
Contrastive Learning Using Spectral Methods.
contrastive learning	spectral methods
Causal discovery with scale-mixture model for spatiotemporal variance dependencies.
spatiotemporal variance dependencies	causal discovery	scale-mixture model
Nonparametric Online Regression while Learning the Metric.
nonparametric online regression
The Maximal Causes of Natural Scenes are Edge Filters.
natural scenes	edge filters
Unsupervised Learning of 3D Structure from Images.
3d structure	unsupervised learning
Penalized Principal Component Regression on Graphs for Analysis of Subnetworks.
penalized principal component regression
Scalable Generalized Linear Bandits: Online Computation and Hashing.
scalable generalized linear bandits	online computation
Discrete Rényi Classifiers.
ényi classifiers
Matrix Norm Estimation from a Few Entries.
matrix norm estimation
Asynchronous Anytime Sequential Monte Carlo.
asynchronous anytime sequential monte carlo
Attentional Pooling for Action Recognition.
attentional pooling	action recognition
MAP estimation in Binary MRFs via Bipartite Multi-cuts.
bipartite multi-cuts	map estimation	binary mrfs
Best Arm Identification: A Unified Approach to Fixed Budget and Fixed Confidence.
fixed confidence	fixed budget	arm identification	unified approach
Sparse Inverse Covariance Selection via Alternating Linearization Methods.
sparse inverse covariance selection	alternating linearization methods
Mixing Properties of Conditional Markov Chains with Unbounded Feature Functions.
unbounded feature functions	conditional markov chains	mixing properties
Isotropic Hashing.
isotropic hashing
Hypothesis Testing in Unsupervised Domain Adaptation with Applications in Alzheimer's Disease.
unsupervised domain adaptation	hypothesis testing
Deep Learning Face Representation by Joint Identification-Verification.
deep learning face representation	joint identification-verification
Variational Gaussian Process Dynamical Systems.
variational gaussian process dynamical systems
Data-driven calibration of linear estimators with minimal penalties.
data-driven calibration	linear estimators	minimal penalties
Exact and Stable Recovery of Pairwise Interaction Tensors.
pairwise interaction tensors	stable recovery
Diverse Randomized Agents Vote to Win.
diverse randomized agents vote
Fighting Bandits with a New Kind of Smoothness.
fighting bandits
Discriminative Learning of Sum-Product Networks.
sum-product networks	discriminative learning
Variational Bayes on Monte Carlo Steroids.
monte carlo steroids	variational bayes
Scaling Factorial Hidden Markov Models: Stochastic Variational Inference without Messages.
scaling factorial hidden markov models	stochastic variational inference
Heavy-Tailed Symmetric Stochastic Neighbor Embedding.
heavy-tailed symmetric stochastic neighbor embedding
Information-based learning by agents in unbounded state spaces.
unbounded state spaces	information-based learning
Sparse Embedded k-Means Clustering.
sparse embedded k-means clustering
Multiple Kernel Learning and the SMO Algorithm.
multiple kernel learning	smo algorithm
Algorithms and hardness results for parallel large margin learning.
parallel large margin learning	hardness results
New Rules for Domain Independent Lifted MAP Inference.
domain independent lifted map inference
Universal consistency and minimax rates for online Mondrian Forests.
online mondrian forests	minimax rates	universal consistency
Deep Learning of Invariant Features via Simulated Fixations in Video.
deep learning	simulated fixations	invariant features
Shared Segmentation of Natural Scenes Using Dependent Pitman-Yor Processes.
dependent pitman-yor processes	natural scenes	shared segmentation
Nonparametric Bayesian Texture Learning and Synthesis.
nonparametric bayesian texture learning
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 21, Proceedings of the Twenty-Second Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, December 8-11, 2008
neural information processing systems 21	neural information processing systems	annual conference	british columbia	december 8-11
Adaptive Newton Method for Empirical Risk Minimization to Statistical Accuracy.
adaptive newton method	empirical risk minimization	statistical accuracy
Parametric Local Metric Learning for Nearest Neighbor Classification.
parametric local metric learning	nearest neighbor classification
Repeated Games against Budgeted Adversaries.
budgeted adversaries	repeated games
A Differential Equation for Modeling Nesterov's Accelerated Gradient Method: Theory and Insights.
accelerated gradient method	differential equation	modeling nesterov
Active Bias: Training More Accurate Neural Networks by Emphasizing High Variance Samples.
emphasizing high variance samples	accurate neural networks	active bias
Stage-wise Training: An Improved Feature Learning Strategy for Deep Models.
improved feature learning strategy	stage-wise training	deep models
Multi-Scale Spectral Decomposition of Massive Graphs.
multi-scale spectral decomposition	massive graphs
Semi-supervised Learning with Deep Generative Models.
deep generative models	semi-supervised learning
Minimax Optimal Alternating Minimization for Kernel Nonparametric Tensor Learning.
minimax optimal alternating minimization	kernel nonparametric tensor learning
Automatic Feature Induction for Stagewise Collaborative Filtering.
automatic feature induction	stagewise collaborative filtering
Nearly Optimal Private LASSO.
optimal private lasso
SerialRank: Spectral Ranking using Seriation.
spectral ranking
Search Improves Label for Active Learning.
search improves label	active learning
Multilinear Dynamical Systems for Tensor Time Series.
multilinear dynamical systems	tensor time series
Learning Chordal Markov Networks by Constraint Satisfaction.
learning chordal markov networks	constraint satisfaction
Inferring synaptic conductances from spike trains with a biophysically inspired point process model.
biophysically inspired point process model	inferring synaptic conductances	spike trains
Energy Disaggregation via Discriminative Sparse Coding.
discriminative sparse coding	energy disaggregation
Pointwise Tracking the Optimal Regression Function.
optimal regression function	pointwise tracking
Variational Inference for Diffusion Processes.
variational inference	diffusion processes
Offline Handwriting Recognition with Multidimensional Recurrent Neural Networks.
multidimensional recurrent neural networks	offline handwriting recognition
A New Alternating Direction Method for Linear Programming.
alternating direction method	linear programming
Thompson Sampling for 1-Dimensional Exponential Family Bandits.
1-dimensional exponential family bandits	thompson sampling
Unsupervised feature learning for audio classification using convolutional deep belief networks.
convolutional deep belief networks	unsupervised feature learning	audio classification
The Blinded Bandit: Learning with Adaptive Feedback.
blinded bandit	adaptive feedback
On Lifting the Gibbs Sampling Algorithm.
gibbs sampling algorithm
A Consistent Regularization Approach for Structured Prediction.
consistent regularization approach	structured prediction
Learning Manifolds with K-Means and K-Flats.
learning manifolds
Learning High-Density Regions for a Generalized Kolmogorov-Smirnov Test in High-Dimensional Data.
generalized kolmogorov-smirnov test	learning high-density regions	high-dimensional data
Nonlinear Learning using Local Coordinate Coding.
local coordinate coding	nonlinear learning
Approximate maximum entropy principles via Goemans-Williamson with applications to provable variational methods.
approximate maximum entropy principles	provable variational methods
Partition-wise Linear Models.
partition-wise linear models
Probabilistic Multi-Task Feature Selection.
probabilistic multi-task feature selection
Unsupervised learning of an efficient short-term memory network.
efficient short-term memory network	unsupervised learning
Unsupervised learning of object frames by dense equivariant image labelling.
dense equivariant image labelling	object frames	unsupervised learning
Permutation-based Causal Inference Algorithms with Interventions.
permutation-based causal inference algorithms
Message Passing for Max-weight Independent Set.
max-weight independent set	message passing
Optimizing affinity-based binary hashing using auxiliary coordinates.
optimizing affinity-based binary hashing	auxiliary coordinates
Sparse Overcomplete Latent Variable Decomposition of Counts Data.
sparse overcomplete latent variable decomposition	counts data
Communication Efficient Distributed Machine Learning with the Parameter Server.
communication efficient distributed machine learning	parameter server
Consistent Minimization of Clustering Objective Functions.
clustering objective functions	consistent minimization
Deep Convolutional Inverse Graphics Network.
deep convolutional inverse graphics network
LightRNN: Memory and Computation-Efficient Recurrent Neural Networks.
computation-efficient recurrent neural networks
Joint Line Segmentation and Transcription for End-to-End Handwritten Paragraph Recognition.
end-to-end handwritten paragraph recognition	joint line segmentation
Generalised Coupled Tensor Factorisation.
generalised coupled tensor factorisation
Learning Neural Network Policies with Guided Policy Search under Unknown Dynamics.
learning neural network policies	guided policy search	unknown dynamics
Top Rank Optimization in Linear Time.
top rank optimization	linear time
"On the (Non-)existence of Convex, Calibrated Surrogate Losses for Ranking".
calibrated surrogate losses
Statistical Tests for Optimization Efficiency.
optimization efficiency	statistical tests
Generating Images with Perceptual Similarity Metrics based on Deep Networks.
perceptual similarity metrics based	deep networks	generating images
Relevance Topic Model for Unstructured Social Group Activity Recognition.
unstructured social group activity recognition	relevance topic model
Partially Observed Maximum Entropy Discrimination Markov Networks.
partially observed maximum entropy discrimination markov networks
Affinity Clustering: Hierarchical Clustering at Scale.
hierarchical clustering	affinity clustering
Translating Embeddings for Modeling Multi-relational Data.
modeling multi-relational data	translating embeddings
Convergence Analysis of Two-layer Neural Networks with ReLU Activation.
two-layer neural networks	relu activation	convergence analysis
Learning with Relaxed Supervision.
relaxed supervision
Batch Bayesian Optimization via Simulation Matching.
batch bayesian optimization	simulation matching
Receptive Fields without Spike-Triggering.
receptive fields
Object Detection with Grammar Models.
object detection	grammar models
Optimizing Instructional Policies.
optimizing instructional policies
Boltzmann Exploration Done Right.
boltzmann exploration
Targeting EEG/LFP Synchrony with Neural Nets.
targeting eeg/lfp synchrony	neural nets
The Price of Bandit Information for Online Optimization.
online optimization	bandit information
Embed and Project: Discrete Sampling with Universal Hashing.
discrete sampling	universal hashing
Deep Reinforcement Learning from Human Preferences.
deep reinforcement learning	human preferences
Predicting Brain States from fMRI Data: Incremental Functional Principal Component Regression.
incremental functional principal component regression	predicting brain states	fmri data
A simple neural network module for relational reasoning.
simple neural network module	relational reasoning
Bayesian Optimization with a Finite Budget: An Approximate Dynamic Programming Approach.
approximate dynamic programming approach	bayesian optimization	finite budget
Efficient and Accurate Lp-Norm Multiple Kernel Learning.
accurate lp-norm multiple kernel learning
A Parameter-free Hedging Algorithm.
parameter-free hedging algorithm
Countering Feedback Delays in Multi-Agent Learning.
countering feedback delays	multi-agent learning
Embedding Inference for Structured Multilabel Prediction.
structured multilabel prediction	embedding inference
Practical Large-Scale Optimization for Max-norm Regularization.
practical large-scale optimization	max-norm regularization
Structured Bayesian Pruning via Log-Normal Multiplicative Noise.
log-normal multiplicative noise	structured bayesian pruning
Minimax Theory for High-dimensional Gaussian Mixtures with Sparse Mean Separation.
high-dimensional gaussian mixtures	minimax theory
Matching on Balanced Nonlinear Representations for Treatment Effects Estimation.
treatment effects estimation	balanced nonlinear representations
Large Scale Distributed Deep Networks.
large scale distributed deep networks
Gradient-free Hamiltonian Monte Carlo with Efficient Kernel Exponential Families.
gradient-free hamiltonian monte carlo	efficient kernel exponential families
Training Very Deep Networks.
deep networks
Multiple Instance Filtering.
multiple instance filtering
Nonparametric Max-Margin Matrix Factorization for Collaborative Prediction.
nonparametric max-margin matrix factorization	collaborative prediction
Entropic Graph Regularization in Non-Parametric Semi-Supervised Classification.
entropic graph regularization	non-parametric semi-supervised classification
Kernels and learning curves for Gaussian process regression on random graphs.
gaussian process regression	learning curves	random graphs
Cost efficient gradient boosting.
cost efficient gradient boosting
Attend, Infer, Repeat: Fast Scene Understanding with Generative Models.
fast scene understanding	generative models
Modular Autoencoders for Ensemble Feature Extraction.
ensemble feature extraction	modular autoencoders
Multi-View Active Learning in the Non-Realizable Case.
multi-view active learning	non-realizable case
3D Object Recognition with Deep Belief Nets.
3d object recognition	deep belief nets
L1-Penalized Robust Estimation for a Class of Inverse Problems Arising in Multiview Geometry.
inverse problems arising	l1-penalized robust estimation	multiview geometry
Quantized Random Projections and Non-Linear Estimation of Cosine Similarity.
quantized random projections	non-linear estimation	cosine similarity
Fast and Robust Least Squares Estimation in Corrupted Linear Models.
corrupted linear models	squares estimation
Hidden Technical Debt in Machine Learning Systems.
hidden technical debt	machine learning systems
Attention is All you Need.
attention
Deep Mean-Shift Priors for Image Restoration.
deep mean-shift priors	image restoration
High-Rank Matrix Completion and Clustering under Self-Expressive Models.
high-rank matrix completion	self-expressive models
A Novel Kernel for Learning a Neuron Model from Spike Train Data.
spike train data	neuron model
High Dimensional Structured Superposition Models.
high dimensional structured superposition models
Comparative Analysis of Viterbi Training and Maximum Likelihood Estimation for HMMs.
maximum likelihood estimation	comparative analysis	viterbi training
Causal Effect Inference with Deep Latent-Variable Models.
deep latent-variable models	causal effect inference
Proceedings of the 1st Workshop on Feature Extraction: Modern Questions and Challenges, FE 2015, co-located with the 29th Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NIPS 2015), Montreal, Canada, December 11-12, 2015.
neural information processing systems	29th annual conference	1st workshop	modern questions	feature extraction	december 11-12
Unified View of Matrix Completion under General Structural Constraints.
general structural constraints	unified view	matrix completion
Incorporating Side Information by Adaptive Convolution.
incorporating side information	adaptive convolution
Linear Response Methods for Accurate Covariance Estimates from Mean Field Variational Bayes.
accurate covariance estimates	field variational bayes	linear response methods
Maximum Margin Multi-Instance Learning.
maximum margin multi-instance learning
Localized Sliced Inverse Regression.
localized sliced inverse regression
Forging The Graphs: A Low Rank and Positive Semidefinite Graph Learning Approach.
positive semidefinite graph learning approach	low rank
A Smoothed Approximate Linear Program.
smoothed approximate linear program
Sparse Instrumental Variables (SPIV) for Genome-Wide Studies.
sparse instrumental variables	genome-wide studies
A Computational Decision Theory for Interactive Assistants.
computational decision theory	interactive assistants
Semi-supervised Sequence Learning.
semi-supervised sequence learning
Sparsity of SVMs that use the epsilon-insensitive loss.
epsilon-insensitive loss
Non-stationary dynamic Bayesian networks.
non-stationary dynamic bayesian networks
A Regularized Framework for Sparse and Structured Neural Attention.
structured neural attention	regularized framework
Universal Consistency of Multi-Class Support Vector Classification.
multi-class support vector classification	universal consistency
Noisy Generalized Binary Search.
noisy generalized binary search
Action-Model Based Multi-agent Plan Recognition.
action-model based multi-agent plan recognition
Efficient Optimization for Linear Dynamical Systems with Applications to Clustering and Sparse Coding.
linear dynamical systems	efficient optimization	sparse coding
Gauging Variational Inference.
gauging variational inference
Probabilistic Low-Rank Subspace Clustering.
probabilistic low-rank subspace clustering
On Blackbox Backpropagation and Jacobian Sensing.
blackbox backpropagation	jacobian sensing
Online Dynamic Programming.
online dynamic programming
Bayes-Adaptive Simulation-based Search with Value Function Approximation.
bayes-adaptive simulation-based search	function approximation
Probabilistic Event Cascades for Alzheimer's disease.
probabilistic event cascades
Ranking annotators for crowdsourced labeling tasks.
crowdsourced labeling tasks	ranking annotators
Decoding Complex Cognitive States Online by Manifold Regularization in Real-Time fMRI.
decoding complex cognitive states online	real-time fmri	manifold regularization
Counterfactual Fairness.
counterfactual fairness
Robust PCA with compressed data.
robust pca	compressed data
Weighted Sums of Random Kitchen Sinks: Replacing minimization with randomization in learning.
random kitchen sinks	weighted sums	replacing minimization
Communication Complexity of Distributed Convex Learning and Optimization.
distributed convex learning	communication complexity
Submodularity Cuts and Applications.
submodularity cuts
Stochastic Submodular Maximization: The Case of Coverage Functions.
stochastic submodular maximization	coverage functions
Accuracy First: Selecting a Differential Privacy Level for Accuracy Constrained ERM.
differential privacy level	accuracy constrained erm
Reverse Multi-Label Learning.
reverse multi-label learning
Lifelong Learning with Weighted Majority Votes.
weighted majority votes	lifelong learning
Discriminative Metric Learning by Neighborhood Gerrymandering.
discriminative metric learning	neighborhood gerrymandering
How Do Humans Teach: On Curriculum Learning and Teaching Dimension.
humans teach	curriculum learning	teaching dimension
NEXT: A System for Real-World Development, Evaluation, and Application of Active Learning.
real-world development	active learning
Best-Arm Identification in Linear Bandits.
best-arm identification	linear bandits
Automatic online tuning for fast Gaussian summation.
fast gaussian summation	automatic online tuning
An Empirical Study on The Properties of Random Bases for Kernel Methods.
kernel methods	empirical study	random bases
Multi-view Anomaly Detection via Robust Probabilistic Latent Variable Models.
robust probabilistic latent variable models	multi-view anomaly detection
Regularization With Stochastic Transformations and Perturbations for Deep Semi-Supervised Learning.
deep semi-supervised learning	stochastic transformations
Multivariate tests of association based on univariate tests.
multivariate tests	association based	univariate tests
Estimating vector fields using sparse basis field expansions.
sparse basis field expansions	estimating vector fields
Attend and Predict: Understanding Gene Regulation by Selective Attention on Chromatin.
understanding gene regulation	selective attention
Filtering Abstract Senses From Image Search Results.
image search results	filtering abstract senses
Sensory Integration and Density Estimation.
density estimation	sensory integration
Generalizing Analytic Shrinkage for Arbitrary Covariance Structures.
generalizing analytic shrinkage	arbitrary covariance structures
Reward Design via Online Gradient Ascent.
online gradient ascent	reward design
Dimension-Free Iteration Complexity of Finite Sum Optimization Problems.
finite sum optimization problems	dimension-free iteration complexity
Incremental Boosting Convolutional Neural Network for Facial Action Unit Recognition.
incremental boosting convolutional neural network	facial action unit recognition
Learning Image Descriptors with the Boosting-Trick.
learning image descriptors
NESTT: A Nonconvex Primal-Dual Splitting Method for Distributed and Stochastic Optimization.
nonconvex primal-dual splitting method	stochastic optimization
Efficient Spike-Coding with Multiplicative Adaptation in a Spike Response Model.
spike response model	efficient spike-coding	multiplicative adaptation
Accelerated Stochastic Greedy Coordinate Descent by Soft Thresholding Projection onto Simplex.
accelerated stochastic greedy coordinate descent	soft thresholding projection
Using multiple samples to learn mixture models.
learn mixture models	multiple samples
Expectation Particle Belief Propagation.
expectation particle belief propagation
Risk Aversion in Markov Decision Processes via Near Optimal Chernoff Bounds.
markov decision processes	optimal chernoff bounds	risk aversion
Diffusion Decision Making for Adaptive k-Nearest Neighbor Classification.
adaptive k-nearest neighbor classification	diffusion decision making
Inferring Brain Networks through Graphical Models with Hidden Variables.
inferring brain networks	hidden variables	graphical models
Stochastic Optimization for Large-scale Optimal Transport.
large-scale optimal transport	stochastic optimization
Hierarchical Topic Modeling for Analysis of Time-Evolving Personal Choices.
time-evolving personal choices	hierarchical topic modeling
Ancestral Causal Inference.
ancestral causal inference
A Latent Source Model for Nonparametric Time Series Classification.
nonparametric time series classification	latent source model
Parallel Double Greedy Submodular Maximization.
parallel double greedy submodular maximization
Scalable Variational Inference for Dynamical Systems.
scalable variational inference	dynamical systems
Non-strongly-convex smooth stochastic approximation with convergence rate O(1/n).
non-strongly-convex smooth stochastic approximation	convergence rate
Extracting State Transition Dynamics from Multiple Spike Trains with Correlated Poisson HMM.
extracting state transition dynamics	multiple spike trains	correlated poisson hmm
Probabilistic Curve Learning: Coulomb Repulsion and the Electrostatic Gaussian Process.
electrostatic gaussian process	probabilistic curve learning	coulomb repulsion
Hunt For The Unique, Stable, Sparse And Fast Feature Learning On Graphs.
fast feature learning
Spectral Methods for Learning Multivariate Latent Tree Structure.
learning multivariate latent tree structure	spectral methods
Filtering Variational Objectives.
filtering variational objectives
Pose-Sensitive Embedding by Nonlinear NCA Regression.
nonlinear nca regression	pose-sensitive embedding
Factorial LDA: Sparse Multi-Dimensional Text Models.
sparse multi-dimensional text models	factorial lda
Inference and communication in the game of Password.
communication
Invariance and Stability of Deep Convolutional Representations.
deep convolutional representations
A Framework for Individualizing Predictions of Disease Trajectories by Exploiting Multi-Resolution Structure.
exploiting multi-resolution structure	disease trajectories	individualizing predictions
Random Utility Theory for Social Choice.
random utility theory	social choice
Segregated Graphs and Marginals of Chain Graph Models.
chain graph models	segregated graphs
Efficient Optimization for Average Precision SVM.
average precision svm	efficient optimization
Generative Shape Models: Joint Text Recognition and Segmentation with Very Little Training Data.
joint text recognition	generative shape models	training data
PiCoDes: Learning a Compact Code for Novel-Category Recognition.
novel-category recognition	compact code
On Sparse Gaussian Chain Graph Models.
sparse gaussian chain graph models
Beyond the Birkhoff Polytope: Convex Relaxations for Vector Permutation Problems.
vector permutation problems	convex relaxations	birkhoff polytope
Improved Dropout for Shallow and Deep Learning.
improved dropout	deep learning
Parameter-Free Online Learning via Model Selection.
parameter-free online learning	model selection
Even Faster SVD Decomposition Yet Without Agonizing Pain.
faster svd decomposition	agonizing pain
Mid-level Visual Element Discovery as Discriminative Mode Seeking.
mid-level visual element discovery	discriminative mode seeking
Learning invariant representations and applications to face verification.
learning invariant representations	face verification
Robust Transfer Principal Component Analysis with Rank Constraints.
robust transfer principal component analysis	rank constraints
Orthogonal Random Features.
orthogonal random features
Mixture of time-warped trajectory models for movement decoding.
time-warped trajectory models	movement decoding
Anchor-Free Correlated Topic Modeling: Identifiability and Algorithm.
anchor-free correlated topic modeling
Learning Koopman Invariant Subspaces for Dynamic Mode Decomposition.
learning koopman invariant subspaces	dynamic mode decomposition
Fisher GAN.
fisher gan
Learning Sparse Metrics, One Feature at a Time.
learning sparse metrics
A Probabilistic Programming Approach To Probabilistic Data Analysis.
probabilistic programming approach	probabilistic data analysis
An Extended Level Method for Efficient Multiple Kernel Learning.
efficient multiple kernel learning	extended level method
Perturbative Black Box Variational Inference.
perturbative black box variational inference
Tight convex relaxations for sparse matrix factorization.
tight convex relaxations	sparse matrix factorization
Cascaded Classification Models: Combining Models for Holistic Scene Understanding.
holistic scene understanding	cascaded classification models	combining models
Interaction Screening: Efficient and Sample-Optimal Learning of Ising Models.
interaction screening	ising models	sample-optimal learning
Orthogonal NMF through Subspace Exploration.
orthogonal nmf	subspace exploration
A Probabilistic Framework for Deep Learning.
deep learning	probabilistic framework
Adaptive Stochastic Optimization: From Sets to Paths.
adaptive stochastic optimization
Optimal Regret Minimization in Posted-Price Auctions with Strategic Buyers.
optimal regret minimization	posted-price auctions	strategic buyers
Combining Fully Convolutional and Recurrent Neural Networks for 3D Biomedical Image Segmentation.
3d biomedical image segmentation	combining fully convolutional	recurrent neural networks
Faster Projection-free Convex Optimization over the Spectrahedron.
faster projection-free convex optimization
Bayesian estimation of discrete entropy with mixtures of stick-breaking priors.
stick-breaking priors	bayesian estimation	discrete entropy
Optimistic policy iteration and natural actor-critic: A unifying view and a non-optimality result.
optimistic policy iteration	unifying view	non-optimality result	natural actor-critic
Feature-aware Label Space Dimension Reduction for Multi-label Classification.
feature-aware label space dimension reduction	multi-label classification
Local Decorrelation For Improved Pedestrian Detection.
improved pedestrian detection	local decorrelation
Bayesian Model of Behaviour in Economic Games.
bayesian model	economic games
Linear dynamical neural population models through nonlinear embeddings.
linear dynamical neural population models	nonlinear embeddings
History distribution matching method for predicting effectiveness of HIV combination therapies.
history distribution matching method	hiv combination therapies	predicting effectiveness
Computing Robust Counter-Strategies.
computing robust counter-strategies
Adaptive Anonymity via b-Matching.
adaptive anonymity
Winner-Take-All Autoencoders.
autoencoders
Learning with the weighted trace-norm under arbitrary sampling distributions.
arbitrary sampling distributions	weighted trace-norm
A Bayesian Framework for Figure-Ground Interpretation.
bayesian framework	figure-ground interpretation
Approximate Gaussian process inference for the drift function in stochastic differential equations.
approximate gaussian process inference	stochastic differential equations	drift function
On Integrated Clustering and Outlier Detection.
outlier detection	integrated clustering
Monte Carlo Value Iteration with Macro-Actions.
monte carlo
Large-scale L-BFGS using MapReduce.
large-scale l-bfgs
Learning Multiagent Communication with Backpropagation.
learning multiagent communication
Decoupled Variational Gaussian Inference.
decoupled variational gaussian inference
Generalized Unsupervised Manifold Alignment.
generalized unsupervised manifold alignment
Accelerated Mirror Descent in Continuous and Discrete Time.
accelerated mirror descent	discrete time
Dual Space Gradient Descent for Online Learning.
dual space gradient descent	online learning
Large Scale Distributed Sparse Precision Estimation.
large scale distributed sparse precision estimation
Signal Aggregate Constraints in Additive Factorial HMMs, with Application to Energy Disaggregation.
signal aggregate constraints	additive factorial hmms	energy disaggregation
Learning Label Embeddings for Nearest-Neighbor Multi-class Classification with an Application to Speech Recognition.
learning label embeddings	nearest-neighbor multi-class classification	speech recognition
Deep Poisson Factor Modeling.
deep poisson factor modeling
A Disentangled Recognition and Nonlinear Dynamics Model for Unsupervised Learning.
nonlinear dynamics model	disentangled recognition	unsupervised learning
Constraints Based Convex Belief Propagation.
constraints based convex belief propagation
Learning Sparse Gaussian Graphical Models with Overlapping Blocks.
learning sparse gaussian graphical models	overlapping blocks
Inverting Grice's Maxims to Learn Rules from Natural Language Extractions.
natural language extractions	inverting grice	learn rules
One sketch for all: Theory and Application of Conditional Random Sampling.
conditional random sampling
Linearized Alternating Direction Method with Adaptive Penalty for Low-Rank Representation.
linearized alternating direction method	low-rank representation	adaptive penalty
Improving Variational Autoencoders with Inverse Autoregressive Flow.
improving variational autoencoders	inverse autoregressive flow
On the Complexity of Learning Neural Networks.
learning neural networks
A Sparse Non-Parametric Approach for Single Channel Separation of Known Sounds.
sparse non-parametric approach	single channel separation
The Impact of Unlabeled Patterns in Rademacher Complexity Theory for Kernel Classifiers.
rademacher complexity theory	unlabeled patterns	kernel classifiers
Learning and using relational theories.
relational theories
Cross Species Expression Analysis using a Dirichlet Process Mixture Model with Latent Matchings.
dirichlet process mixture model	cross species expression analysis	latent matchings
Privacy Aware Learning.
privacy aware learning
Empirical performance maximization for linear rank statistics.
empirical performance maximization	linear rank statistics
Modality Neutral Techniques for Brain Image Understanding.
brain image understanding	modality neutral techniques
Bayesian binning beats approximate alternatives: estimating peri-stimulus time histograms.
bayesian binning beats approximate alternatives	estimating peri-stimulus time histograms
A Non-Parametric Approach to Dynamic Programming.
non-parametric approach	dynamic programming
Non-parametric Group Orthogonal Matching Pursuit for Sparse Learning with Multiple Kernels.
non-parametric group orthogonal matching pursuit	multiple kernels	sparse learning
Pre-training of Recurrent Neural Networks via Linear Autoencoders.
recurrent neural networks	linear autoencoders
Modeling homophily and stochastic equivalence in symmetric relational data.
symmetric relational data	stochastic equivalence	modeling homophily
Learning Chordal Markov Networks by Dynamic Programming.
learning chordal markov networks	dynamic programming
Deciphering subsampled data: adaptive compressive sampling as a principle of brain communication.
adaptive compressive sampling	deciphering subsampled data	brain communication
Linear programming analysis of loopy belief propagation for weighted matching.
loopy belief propagation	linear programming analysis	weighted matching
Generalized roof duality and bisubmodular functions.
generalized roof duality	bisubmodular functions
The Local Rademacher Complexity of Lp-Norm Multiple Kernel Learning.
lp-norm multiple kernel learning	local rademacher complexity
Regularized Learning with Networks of Features.
regularized learning
Basis refinement strategies for linear value function approximation in MDPs.
basis refinement strategies	function approximation
Gradients of Generative Models for Improved Discriminative Analysis of Tandem Mass Spectra.
improved discriminative analysis	tandem mass spectra	generative models
Variational Information Maximisation for Intrinsically Motivated Reinforcement Learning.
intrinsically motivated reinforcement learning	variational information maximisation
Inverse Density as an Inverse Problem: the Fredholm Equation Approach.
fredholm equation approach	inverse density	inverse problem
Data Poisoning Attacks on Factorization-Based Collaborative Filtering.
data poisoning attacks	factorization-based collaborative filtering
Altitude Training: Strong Bounds for Single-Layer Dropout.
altitude training	strong bounds	single-layer dropout
Looking Outside the Searchlight.
searchlight
Signal-to-Noise Ratio Analysis of Policy Gradient Algorithms.
signal-to-noise ratio analysis	policy gradient algorithms
An urn model for majority voting in classification ensembles.
majority voting	urn model	classification ensembles
Discriminative Unsupervised Feature Learning with Convolutional Neural Networks.
discriminative unsupervised feature learning	convolutional neural networks
Combinatorial Pure Exploration of Multi-Armed Bandits.
combinatorial pure exploration	multi-armed bandits
A multi-agent reinforcement learning model of common-pool resource appropriation.
multi-agent reinforcement learning model	common-pool resource appropriation
Learning large-margin halfspaces with more malicious noise.
learning large-margin halfspaces	malicious noise
Perfect Dimensionality Recovery by Variational Bayesian PCA.
variational bayesian pca	perfect dimensionality recovery
Design Principles of the Hippocampal Cognitive Map.
hippocampal cognitive map	design principles
Fixed-Length Poisson MRF: Adding Dependencies to the Multinomial.
fixed-length poisson mrf	adding dependencies
Path-Normalized Optimization of Recurrent Neural Networks with ReLU Activations.
recurrent neural networks	relu activations	path-normalized optimization
An Alternative to Low-level-Sychrony-Based Methods for Speech Detection.
speech detection	low-level-sychrony-based methods
Cone-Constrained Principal Component Analysis.
cone-constrained principal component analysis
The Tradeoffs of Large Scale Learning.
large scale learning
Sketch-Based Linear Value Function Approximation.
sketch-based linear	function approximation
Computing Nash Equilibria in Generalized Interdependent Security Games.
generalized interdependent security games	computing nash equilibria
Learning Continuous Control Policies by Stochastic Value Gradients.
learning continuous control policies
Tree-Structured Stick Breaking for Hierarchical Data.
tree-structured stick breaking	hierarchical data
Symbolic Opportunistic Policy Iteration for Factored-Action MDPs.
symbolic opportunistic policy iteration	factored-action mdps
Solving Random Systems of Quadratic Equations via Truncated Generalized Gradient Flow.
truncated generalized gradient flow	solving random systems	quadratic equations
A hybrid sampler for Poisson-Kingman mixture models.
poisson-kingman mixture models	hybrid sampler
Excess Risk Bounds for the Bayes Risk using Variational Inference in Latent Gaussian Models.
latent gaussian models	excess risk bounds	bayes risk	variational inference
Orthogonal Matching Pursuit with Replacement.
orthogonal matching pursuit
Structured Embedding Models for Grouped Data.
structured embedding models	grouped data
Inference in continuous-time change-point models.
continuous-time change-point models
Wider and Deeper, Cheaper and Faster: Tensorized LSTMs for Sequence Learning.
tensorized lstms	sequence learning
Smooth and Strong: MAP Inference with Linear Convergence.
linear convergence	map inference
Learning to Inpaint for Image Compression.
image compression
Learning Efficient Markov Networks.
learning efficient markov networks
Feature selection in functional data classification with recursive maxima hunting.
recursive maxima hunting	functional data classification	feature selection
Active learning of neural response functions with Gaussian processes.
neural response functions	gaussian processes	active learning
Multiresolution Gaussian Processes.
multiresolution gaussian processes
Code-specific policy gradient rules for spiking neurons.
code-specific policy gradient rules	spiking neurons
On the Efficient Minimization of Classification Calibrated Surrogates.
classification calibrated surrogates	efficient minimization
Projection Retrieval for Classification.
projection retrieval
Straggler Mitigation in Distributed Optimization Through Data Encoding.
distributed optimization	data encoding	straggler mitigation
Annealing between distributions by averaging moments.
averaging moments
Poisson Process Jumping between an Unknown Number of Rates: Application to Neural Spike Data.
neural spike data	poisson process jumping	unknown number
Learning to Align from Scratch.
scratch
Incremental Local Gaussian Regression.
incremental local gaussian regression
Evaluating multi-class learning strategies in a generative hierarchical framework for object detection.
evaluating multi-class learning strategies	generative hierarchical framework	object detection
Prototypical Networks for Few-shot Learning.
few-shot learning	prototypical networks
Bayesian Inference of Individualized Treatment Effects using Multi-task Gaussian Processes.
individualized treatment effects	multi-task gaussian processes	bayesian inference
Pairwise Choice Markov Chains.
pairwise choice markov chains
On-the-fly Operation Batching in Dynamic Computation Graphs.
on-the-fly operation batching	dynamic computation graphs
Feature Transitions with Saccadic Search: Size, Color, and Orientation Are Not Alike.
saccadic search	feature transitions
Black-box optimization of noisy functions with unknown smoothness.
black-box optimization	unknown smoothness	noisy functions
Delay-Tolerant Algorithms for Asynchronous Distributed Online Learning.
asynchronous distributed online learning	delay-tolerant algorithms
Efficient High-Order Interaction-Aware Feature Selection Based on Conditional Mutual Information.
efficient high-order interaction-aware feature selection based	conditional mutual information
Manifold Precis: An Annealing Technique for Diverse Sampling of Manifolds.
annealing technique	diverse sampling	manifold precis
Adaptive Clustering through Semidefinite Programming.
semidefinite programming	adaptive clustering
Hessian-free Optimization for Learning Deep Multidimensional Recurrent Neural Networks.
learning deep multidimensional recurrent neural networks	hessian-free optimization
Optimization of AMS using Weighted AUC optimized models.
weighted auc optimized models
Evidence-Specific Structures for Rich Tractable CRFs.
rich tractable crfs	evidence-specific structures
Finite-Time Analysis of Projected Langevin Monte Carlo.
projected langevin monte carlo	finite-time analysis
Neural Variational Inference and Learning in Undirected Graphical Models.
neural variational inference	undirected graphical models
Exploiting Linear Structure Within Convolutional Networks for Efficient Evaluation.
exploiting linear structure	convolutional networks	efficient evaluation
SpAM: Sparse Additive Models.
sparse additive models
Fast ε-free Inference of Simulation Models with Bayesian Conditional Density Estimation.
bayesian conditional density estimation	fast ε-free inference	simulation models
Saliency-based Sequential Image Attention with Multiset Prediction.
saliency-based sequential image attention	multiset prediction
Hierarchical Apprenticeship Learning with Application to Quadruped Locomotion.
hierarchical apprenticeship learning	quadruped locomotion
Forward-Backward Activation Algorithm for Hierarchical Hidden Markov Models.
hierarchical hidden markov models	forward-backward activation algorithm
Reshaping Visual Datasets for Domain Adaptation.
reshaping visual datasets	domain adaptation
Bayesian Nonparametric Models on Decomposable Graphs.
bayesian nonparametric models	decomposable graphs
Learning to Poke by Poking: Experiential Learning of Intuitive Physics.
intuitive physics
Ensemble Sampling.
ensemble sampling
Understanding Dropout.
understanding dropout
Spatiotemporal Residual Networks for Video Action Recognition.
spatiotemporal residual networks	video action recognition
Learnability of Influence in Networks.
learnability
On Robustness of Kernel Clustering.
kernel clustering
Differentially Private Empirical Risk Minimization Revisited: Faster and More General.
differentially private empirical risk minimization revisited
Learning To Count Objects in Images.
count objects
Two-Layer Feature Reduction for Sparse-Group Lasso via Decomposition of Convex Sets.
two-layer feature reduction	sparse-group lasso	convex sets
Recycling Privileged Learning and Distribution Matching for Fairness.
recycling privileged learning	distribution matching
Fast Template Evaluation with Vector Quantization.
fast template evaluation	vector quantization
Bayesian Network Score Approximation using a Metagraph Kernel.
bayesian network score approximation	metagraph kernel
Fast, smooth and adaptive regression in metric spaces.
metric spaces	adaptive regression
Fast subtree kernels on graphs.
fast subtree kernels
Kronecker Determinantal Point Processes.
kronecker determinantal point processes
Multiple Choice Learning: Learning to Produce Multiple Structured Outputs.
produce multiple structured outputs	multiple choice learning
Learning the Dependency Structure of Latent Factors.
latent factors	dependency structure
Structured Generative Adversarial Networks.
structured generative adversarial networks
Lasso Screening Rules via Dual Polytope Projection.
dual polytope projection	lasso screening rules
Batched Gaussian Process Bandit Optimization via Determinantal Point Processes.
batched gaussian process bandit optimization	determinantal point processes
R-FCN: Object Detection via Region-based Fully Convolutional Networks.
region-based fully convolutional networks	object detection
Real-Time Functional MRI Classification of Brain States Using Markov-SVM Hybrid Models: Peering Inside the rt-fMRI Black Box.
real-time functional mri classification	rt-fmri black box	markov-svm hybrid models	peering inside	brain states
Modelling Reciprocating Relationships with Hawkes Processes.
modelling reciprocating relationships	hawkes processes
Privacy-preserving logistic regression.
privacy-preserving logistic regression
Scalable Planning with Tensorflow for Hybrid Nonlinear Domains.
hybrid nonlinear domains	scalable planning
Efficient Inference in Fully Connected CRFs with Gaussian Edge Potentials.
fully connected crfs	gaussian edge potentials	efficient inference
Analogy-Based Reasoning with Memory Networks for Future Prediction.
analogy-based reasoning	memory networks	future prediction
Combinatorial Bandits Revisited.
combinatorial bandits revisited
Online Regret Bounds for Undiscounted Continuous Reinforcement Learning.
undiscounted continuous reinforcement learning	online regret bounds
Sparse Linear Programming via Primal and Dual Augmented Coordinate Descent.
dual augmented coordinate descent	sparse linear programming
Active Instance Sampling via Matrix Partition.
active instance sampling	matrix partition
Dynamic Mode Decomposition with Reproducing Kernels for Koopman Spectral Analysis.
koopman spectral analysis	dynamic mode decomposition	reproducing kernels
Multimodal Learning with Deep Boltzmann Machines.
deep boltzmann machines	multimodal learning
Direct Loss Minimization for Structured Prediction.
direct loss minimization	structured prediction
Relational Knowledge Extraction from Neural Networks.
relational knowledge extraction	neural networks
Learning A Structured Optimal Bipartite Graph for Co-Clustering.
structured optimal bipartite graph
Independence clustering (without a matrix).
independence clustering
Iterative Thresholding Algorithm for Sparse Inverse Covariance Estimation.
sparse inverse covariance estimation	iterative thresholding algorithm
Robust Gaussian Graphical Modeling with the Trimmed Graphical Lasso.
robust gaussian graphical modeling	trimmed graphical lasso
Welfare Guarantees from Data.
welfare guarantees
On Learning Rotations.
learning rotations
PASS-GLM: polynomial approximate sufficient statistics for scalable Bayesian GLM inference.
polynomial approximate sufficient statistics	scalable bayesian glm inference
t-logistic regression.
t-logistic regression
Dynamical segmentation of single trials from population neural data.
population neural data	dynamical segmentation	single trials
How Deep is the Feature Analysis underlying Rapid Visual Categorization?
feature analysis underlying rapid visual categorization
Modeling the effects of memory on human online sentence processing with particle filters.
human online sentence processing	particle filters
Scaling-up Importance Sampling for Markov Logic Networks.
markov logic networks	importance sampling
Conditional Neural Fields.
conditional neural fields
Robust Lasso with missing and grossly corrupted observations.
grossly corrupted observations	robust lasso
Extracting Speaker-Specific Information with a Regularized Siamese Deep Network.
regularized siamese deep network	extracting speaker-specific information
Dynamic Rank Factor Model for Text Streams.
dynamic rank factor model	text streams
Skill Discovery in Continuous Reinforcement Learning Domains using Skill Chaining.
continuous reinforcement learning domains	skill discovery	skill chaining
Scalable Inference for Neuronal Connectivity from Calcium Imaging.
neuronal connectivity	calcium imaging	scalable inference
A posteriori error bounds for joint matrix decomposition problems.
joint matrix decomposition problems	posteriori error bounds
Expectation Propagation for t-Exponential Family Using q-Algebra.
expectation propagation	t-exponential family
Categorized EEG Neurofeedback Performance Unveils Simultaneous fMRI Deep Brain Activation.
categorized eeg neurofeedback performance unveils simultaneous fmri deep brain activation
Simultaneous Model Selection and Optimization through Parameter-free Stochastic Learning.
simultaneous model selection	parameter-free stochastic learning
Online Learning for Multivariate Hawkes Processes.
multivariate hawkes processes	online learning
Smoothness, Low Noise and Fast Rates.
low noise	fast rates
Interpolating Convex and Non-Convex Tensor Decompositions via the Subspace Norm.
non-convex tensor decompositions	subspace norm	interpolating convex
Learning Mixture of Gaussians with Streaming Data.
learning mixture	streaming data
Slice sampling covariance hyperparameters of latent Gaussian models.
slice sampling covariance hyperparameters	latent gaussian models
Thresholding Procedures for High Dimensional Variable Selection and Statistical Estimation.
high dimensional variable selection	thresholding procedures	statistical estimation
Online Prediction with Selfish Experts.
online prediction	selfish experts
Learning Monotonic Transformations for Classification.
learning monotonic transformations
Following the Leader and Fast Rates in Linear Prediction: Curved Constraint Sets and Other Regularities.
curved constraint sets	fast rates	linear prediction
Solving Most Systems of Random Quadratic Equations.
random quadratic equations
Feature Cross-Substitution in Adversarial Classification.
feature cross-substitution	adversarial classification
Doubly Stochastic Variational Inference for Deep Gaussian Processes.
doubly stochastic variational inference	deep gaussian processes
A Scale Free Algorithm for Stochastic Bandits with Bounded Kurtosis.
scale free algorithm	stochastic bandits	bounded kurtosis
Parallel Sampling of HDPs using Sub-Cluster Splits.
parallel sampling	sub-cluster splits
Content-based recommendations with Poisson factorization.
poisson factorization	content-based recommendations
GANs Trained by a Two Time-Scale Update Rule Converge to a Local Nash Equilibrium.
time-scale update rule converge	local nash equilibrium	gans trained
#Exploration: A Study of Count-Based Exploration for Deep Reinforcement Learning.
deep reinforcement learning
The Fast Convergence of Boosting.
fast convergence
Discriminative Keyword Selection Using Support Vector Machines.
support vector machines	discriminative keyword selection
More Effective Distributed ML via a Stale Synchronous Parallel Parameter Server.
stale synchronous parallel parameter server	effective distributed ml
Replacing supervised classification learning by Slow Feature Analysis in spiking neural networks.
replacing supervised classification learning	slow feature analysis	spiking neural networks
Adaptive Design Optimization in Experiments with People.
adaptive design optimization
CPR for CSPs: A Probabilistic Relaxation of Constraint Propagation.
probabilistic relaxation	constraint propagation
A Multi-World Approach to Question Answering about Real-World Scenes based on Uncertain Input.
real-world scenes based	question answering	multi-world approach	uncertain input
End-to-End Kernel Learning with Supervised Convolutional Kernel Networks.
supervised convolutional kernel networks	end-to-end kernel learning
Shallow Updates for Deep Reinforcement Learning.
deep reinforcement learning	shallow updates
Two-Target Algorithms for Infinite-Armed Bandits with Bernoulli Rewards.
infinite-armed bandits	two-target algorithms	bernoulli rewards
Identification of Functional Clusters in the Striatum Using Infinite Relational Modeling.
infinite relational modeling	functional clusters
Biclustering Usinig Message Passing.
biclustering usinig message passing
Generalization Bounds for Domain Adaptation.
domain adaptation	generalization bounds
Learning Taxonomies by Dependence Maximization.
learning taxonomies	dependence maximization
Imagination-Augmented Agents for Deep Reinforcement Learning.
deep reinforcement learning	imagination-augmented agents
Fast Training of Pose Detectors in the Fourier Domain.
pose detectors	fast training	fourier domain
Convergent Temporal-Difference Learning with Arbitrary Smooth Function Approximation.
arbitrary smooth function approximation	convergent temporal-difference learning
Beyond Disagreement-Based Agnostic Active Learning.
disagreement-based agnostic active learning
Optimal integration of visual speed across different spatiotemporal frequency channels.
spatiotemporal frequency channels	visual speed	optimal integration
Structured sparse coding via lateral inhibition.
structured sparse coding	lateral inhibition
Projected Natural Actor-Critic.
projected natural actor-critic
Multi-Label Prediction via Sparse Infinite CCA.
sparse infinite cca	multi-label prediction
A framework for studying synaptic plasticity with neural spike train data.
neural spike train data	studying synaptic plasticity
Multiresolution Kernel Approximation for Gaussian Process Regression.
multiresolution kernel approximation	gaussian process regression
Accelerated Mini-Batch Stochastic Dual Coordinate Ascent.
accelerated mini-batch stochastic dual coordinate ascent
(RF)^2 - Random Forest Random Field.
random forest random field
Variational Planning for Graph-based MDPs.
graph-based mdps	variational planning
Rapidly Mixing Gibbs Sampling for a Class of Factor Graphs Using Hierarchy Width.
rapidly mixing gibbs sampling	hierarchy width	factor graphs
Detrended Partial Cross Correlation for Brain Connectivity Analysis.
detrended partial cross correlation	brain connectivity analysis
Regularization Path of Cross-Validation Error Lower Bounds.
cross-validation error lower bounds	regularization path
Better than least squares: comparison of objective functions for estimating linear-nonlinear models.
estimating linear-nonlinear models	objective functions
Flexible statistical inference for mechanistic models of neural dynamics.
flexible statistical inference	neural dynamics	mechanistic models
Exact and Stable Recovery of Sequences of Signals with Sparse Increments via Differential _1-Minimization.
differential _1-minimization	sparse increments	stable recovery
Estimating Nonlinear Neural Response Functions using GP Priors and Kronecker Methods.
estimating nonlinear neural response functions	kronecker methods	gp priors
Online PCA for Contaminated Data.
contaminated data	online pca
Proper losses for learning from partial labels.
proper losses	partial labels
Overcoming Catastrophic Forgetting by Incremental Moment Matching.
overcoming catastrophic forgetting	incremental moment matching
Collaborative Deep Learning in Fixed Topology Networks.
collaborative deep learning	fixed topology networks
Supervised Sparse Analysis and Synthesis Operators.
supervised sparse analysis	synthesis operators
An interior-point stochastic approximation method and an L1-regularized delta rule.
interior-point stochastic approximation method	l1-regularized delta rule
Recursive Context Propagation Network for Semantic Scene Labeling.
recursive context propagation network	semantic scene labeling
Convex Tensor Decomposition via Structured Schatten Norm Regularization.
structured schatten norm regularization	convex tensor decomposition
Sparse Filtering.
sparse filtering
On Model Parallelization and Scheduling Strategies for Distributed Machine Learning.
distributed machine learning	scheduling strategies	model parallelization
New Liftable Classes for First-Order Probabilistic Inference.
first-order probabilistic inference	liftable classes
Colored Maximum Variance Unfolding.
colored maximum variance unfolding
Grammar as a Foreign Language.
foreign language
Discrete Graph Hashing.
discrete graph hashing
Generative Adversarial Imitation Learning.
generative adversarial imitation learning
Topic-Partitioned Multinetwork Embeddings.
topic-partitioned multinetwork embeddings
Joint Analysis of Time-Evolving Binary Matrices and Associated Documents.
time-evolving binary matrices	joint analysis
An Efficient Streaming Algorithm for the Submodular Cover Problem.
submodular cover problem	efficient streaming algorithm
Planar Ultrametrics for Image Segmentation.
planar ultrametrics	image segmentation
Solving Marginal MAP Problems with NP Oracles and Parity Constraints.
solving marginal map problems	np oracles	parity constraints
Verification Based Solution for Structured MAB Problems.
structured mab problems	verification based solution
Graphical Models for Recovering Probabilistic and Causal Queries from Missing Data.
causal queries	graphical models	missing data	recovering probabilistic
Clustering via Dirichlet Process Mixture Models for Portable Skill Discovery.
dirichlet process mixture models	portable skill discovery
Phased Exploration with Greedy Exploitation in Stochastic Combinatorial Partial Monitoring Games.
stochastic combinatorial partial monitoring games	phased exploration	greedy exploitation
Modeling image patches with a directed hierarchy of Markov random fields.
modeling image patches	markov random fields	directed hierarchy
The Power of Asymmetry in Binary Hashing.
binary hashing
Crossmodal Language Grounding, Learning, and Teaching.
crossmodal language grounding
Large-Scale Category Structure Aware Image Categorization.
large-scale category structure aware image categorization
Safe and Nested Subgame Solving for Imperfect-Information Games.
nested subgame solving	imperfect-information games
Do Convnets Learn Correspondence?
convnets learn correspondence
Workshop on High-energy Physics and Machine Learning, HEPML 2014, held at NIPS 2014, Montreal, Quebec, Canada, December 8-13, 2014
machine learning	high-energy physics	december 8-13
On the Reliability of Clustering Stability in the Large Sample Regime.
large sample regime	clustering stability
Streaming Sparse Gaussian Process Approximations.
streaming sparse gaussian process approximations
Truly Nonparametric Online Variational Inference for Hierarchical Dirichlet Processes.
nonparametric online variational inference	hierarchical dirichlet processes
Joint distribution optimal transportation for domain adaptation.
joint distribution optimal transportation	domain adaptation
Regret Minimization in MDPs with Options without Prior Knowledge.
regret minimization	prior knowledge
Efficient learning by implicit exploration in bandit problems with side observations.
bandit problems	implicit exploration	side observations	efficient learning
A systematic approach to extracting semantic information from functional MRI data.
extracting semantic information	functional mri data	systematic approach
Learning Multiple Tasks in Parallel with a Shared Annotator.
learning multiple tasks	shared annotator
Copula Processes.
copula processes
Agnostic Estimation for Misspecified Phase Retrieval Models.
misspecified phase retrieval models	agnostic estimation
Online Prediction at the Limit of Zero Temperature.
online prediction
Universal Kernels on Non-Standard Input Spaces.
non-standard input spaces	universal kernels
Learning From Small Samples: An Analysis of Simple Decision Heuristics.
simple decision heuristics	small samples
Large-Scale Sparse Principal Component Analysis with Application to Text Data.
large-scale sparse principal component analysis	text data
Efficient and Robust Automated Machine Learning.
robust automated machine learning
Breaking the Nonsmooth Barrier: A Scalable Parallel Method for Composite Optimization.
scalable parallel method	composite optimization	nonsmooth barrier
Replicated Softmax: an Undirected Topic Model.
undirected topic model	replicated softmax
Collective Graphical Models.
collective graphical models
Avoiding False Positive in Multi-Instance Learning.
avoiding false positive	multi-instance learning
Efficient Optimization for Discriminative Latent Class Models.
discriminative latent class models	efficient optimization
On the connections between saliency and tracking.
connections
Safe Exploration in Finite Markov Decision Processes with Gaussian Processes.
finite markov decision processes	gaussian processes	safe exploration
SEBOOST - Boosting Stochastic Learning Using Subspace Optimization Techniques.
boosting stochastic learning	subspace optimization techniques
Unsupervised Learning of Spoken Language with Visual Context.
spoken language	visual context	unsupervised learning
Nonparametric von Mises Estimators for Entropies, Divergences and Mutual Informations.
nonparametric von mises estimators	mutual informations
Latent Bayesian melding for integrating individual and population models.
latent bayesian melding	population models	integrating individual
SoundNet: Learning Sound Representations from Unlabeled Video.
learning sound representations	unlabeled video
A scalable end-to-end Gaussian process adapter for irregularly sampled time series classification.
scalable end-to-end gaussian process adapter	irregularly sampled time series classification
Dependent Dirichlet Process Spike Sorting.
dependent dirichlet process spike sorting
Unsupervised Learning of Disentangled Representations from Video.
disentangled representations	unsupervised learning
An Online Algorithm for Maximizing Submodular Functions.
maximizing submodular functions	online algorithm
A Spectral Regularization Framework for Multi-Task Structure Learning.
spectral regularization framework	multi-task structure learning
Fast and Balanced: Efficient Label Tree Learning for Large Scale Object Recognition.
large scale object recognition	efficient label tree learning
Robust Spatial Filtering with Beta Divergence.
robust spatial filtering	beta divergence
Blossom Tree Graphical Models.
blossom tree graphical models
Learning a Concept Hierarchy from Multi-labeled Documents.
multi-labeled documents	concept hierarchy
Hamming Distance Metric Learning.
hamming distance metric learning
Rapid Distance-Based Outlier Detection via Sampling.
rapid distance-based outlier detection
Beyond Worst-case: A Probabilistic Analysis of Affine Policies in Dynamic Optimization.
affine policies	probabilistic analysis	dynamic optimization
Efficient Online Inference for Bayesian Nonparametric Relational Models.
bayesian nonparametric relational models	efficient online inference
Structured Matrix Recovery via the Generalized Dantzig Selector.
generalized dantzig selector	structured matrix recovery
Efficient high dimensional maximum entropy modeling via symmetric partition functions.
efficient high dimensional maximum entropy modeling	symmetric partition functions
Fast Prediction for Large-Scale Kernel Machines.
large-scale kernel machines	fast prediction
Structural equations and divisive normalization for energy-dependent component analysis.
energy-dependent component analysis	divisive normalization	structural equations
Fast learning rates with heavy-tailed losses.
fast learning rates	heavy-tailed losses
On Strategy Stitching in Large Extensive Form Multiplayer Games.
large extensive form multiplayer games	strategy stitching
Hierarchical Fisher Kernels for Longitudinal Data.
hierarchical fisher kernels	longitudinal data
Active Ranking using Pairwise Comparisons.
pairwise comparisons	active ranking
Multi-step learning and underlying structure in statistical models.
underlying structure	multi-step learning	statistical models
Structural inference affects depth perception in the context of potential occlusion.
structural inference affects depth perception	potential occlusion
Covert Attention as a Paradigm for Subject-Independent Brain-Computer Interfacing.
subject-independent brain-computer interfacing	covert attention
PixelGAN Autoencoders.
pixelgan autoencoders
Accelerated First-order Methods for Geodesically Convex Optimization on Riemannian Manifolds.
accelerated first-order methods	geodesically convex optimization	riemannian manifolds
Auto-Regressive HMM Inference with Incomplete Data for Short-Horizon Wind Forecasting.
short-horizon wind forecasting	auto-regressive hmm inference	incomplete data
The Higgs boson machine learning challenge.
higgs boson machine learning challenge
Periodic Step Size Adaptation for Single Pass On-line Learning.
periodic step size adaptation	single pass on-line learning
A New Probabilistic Model for Rank Aggregation.
rank aggregation	probabilistic model
Near Optimal Sketching of Low-Rank Tensor Regression.
low-rank tensor regression	optimal sketching
Lower bounds on the robustness to adversarial perturbations.
lower bounds	adversarial perturbations
Predictive Matrix-Variate t Models.
predictive matrix-variate
Top-Down and Bottom-Up Interactions between Low-Level Reactive Control and Symbolic Rule Learning in Embodied Agents.
low-level reactive control	symbolic rule learning	embodied agents
Multiple-Instance Pruning For Learning Efficient Cascade Detectors.
learning efficient cascade detectors	multiple-instance pruning
Value Iteration Networks.
iteration networks
Active Comparison of Prediction Models.
active comparison	prediction models
Population Matching Discrepancy and Applications in Deep Learning.
population matching discrepancy	deep learning
Nearest-Neighbor-Based Active Learning for Rare Category Detection.
nearest-neighbor-based active learning	rare category detection
Learning Influence Functions from Incomplete Observations.
learning influence functions	incomplete observations
Inverse Reinforcement Learning through Structured Classification.
inverse reinforcement learning	structured classification
Probabilistic Inference with Generating Functions for Poisson Latent Variable Models.
poisson latent variable models	generating functions	probabilistic inference
Practical Bayesian Optimization of Machine Learning Algorithms.
practical bayesian optimization	machine learning algorithms
Linear decision rule as aspiration for simple decision heuristics.
linear decision rule	simple decision heuristics
Scalable Influence Estimation in Continuous-Time Diffusion Networks.
scalable influence estimation	continuous-time diffusion networks
Efficient Bayesian Inference for Dynamically Changing Graphs.
efficient bayesian inference	dynamically changing graphs
Neural Implementation of Hierarchical Bayesian Inference by Importance Sampling.
hierarchical bayesian inference	importance sampling	neural implementation
A Market Framework for Eliciting Private Data.
eliciting private data	market framework
Linear Convergence of a Frank-Wolfe Type Algorithm over Trace-Norm Balls.
frank-wolfe type algorithm	linear convergence	trace-norm balls
Learned D-AMP: Principled Neural Network based Compressive Image Recovery.
principled neural network based compressive image recovery	learned d-amp
Asynchronous Distributed Learning of Topic Models.
asynchronous distributed learning	topic models
Learning a Tree of Metrics with Disjoint Visual Features.
disjoint visual features
Solving Decision Problems with Limited Information.
solving decision problems	limited information
Regret Lower Bound and Optimal Algorithm in Finite Stochastic Partial Monitoring.
finite stochastic partial monitoring	regret lower bound	optimal algorithm
Approximation Algorithms for l0-Low Rank Approximation.
l0-low rank approximation	approximation algorithms
Privacy Odometers and Filters: Pay-as-you-Go Composition.
privacy odometers
Asynchronous stochastic convex optimization: the noise is in the noise and SGD don't care.
asynchronous stochastic convex optimization	sgd don
Lifelong Learning with Non-i.i.d. Tasks.
lifelong learning
Adaptive Step-Size for Policy Gradient Methods.
policy gradient methods	adaptive step-size
An inner-loop free solution to inverse problems using deep neural networks.
inner-loop free solution	deep neural networks	inverse problems
Leveraging Clinical Data to Enhance Localization of Brain Atrophy.
leveraging clinical data	enhance localization	brain atrophy
Approximate Supermodularity Bounds for Experimental Design.
approximate supermodularity bounds	experimental design
Towards Accurate Binary Convolutional Neural Network.
accurate binary convolutional neural network
Time-Varying Dynamic Bayesian Networks.
time-varying dynamic bayesian networks
Probabilistic Belief Revision with Structural Constraints.
probabilistic belief revision	structural constraints
Inference by Learning: Speeding-up Graphical Model Optimization via a Coarse-to-Fine Cascade of Pruning Classifiers.
graphical model optimization	coarse-to-fine cascade	pruning classifiers
Why MCA? Nonlinear sparse coding with spike-and-slab prior for neurally plausible image encoding.
neurally plausible image encoding	nonlinear sparse coding	spike-and-slab prior
Efficient Moments-based Permutation Tests.
efficient moments-based permutation tests
Supervised Dictionary Learning.
supervised dictionary learning
Semi-Supervised Learning for Optical Flow with Generative Adversarial Networks.
generative adversarial networks	optical flow	semi-supervised learning
Decoupling Sparsity and Smoothness in the Discrete Hierarchical Dirichlet Process.
discrete hierarchical dirichlet process	decoupling sparsity
End-to-end Differentiable Proving.
end-to-end differentiable proving
Convolutional Neural Networks with Intra-Layer Recurrent Connections for Scene Labeling.
intra-layer recurrent connections	convolutional neural networks	scene labeling
Learning Treewidth-Bounded Bayesian Networks with Thousands of Variables.
learning treewidth-bounded bayesian networks
Exploiting weakly-labeled Web images to improve object classification: a domain adaptation approach.
exploiting weakly-labeled web images	domain adaptation approach	improve object classification
Hierarchical Question-Image Co-Attention for Visual Question Answering.
visual question answering	hierarchical question-image co-attention
Interactive Submodular Bandit.
interactive submodular bandit
Extending position/phase-shift tuning to motion energy neurons improves velocity discrimination.
motion energy neurons improves velocity discrimination	extending position/phase-shift tuning
MCMC for Variationally Sparse Gaussian Processes.
variationally sparse gaussian processes
Geometric Matrix Completion with Recurrent Multi-Graph Neural Networks.
recurrent multi-graph neural networks	geometric matrix completion
The Multiple Quantile Graphical Model.
multiple quantile graphical model
Synaptic Sampling: A Bayesian Approach to Neural Network Plasticity and Rewiring.
neural network plasticity	synaptic sampling	bayesian approach
Switched Latent Force Models for Movement Segmentation.
switched latent force models	movement segmentation
Convolutional Phase Retrieval.
convolutional phase retrieval
Shallow vs. Deep Sum-Product Networks.
deep sum-product networks
One-vs-Each Approximation to Softmax for Scalable Estimation of Probabilities.
scalable estimation
Time-Sensitive Recommendation From Recurrent User Activities.
recurrent user activities	time-sensitive recommendation
Observational-Interventional Priors for Dose-Response Learning.
observational-interventional priors	dose-response learning
Perceptual Multistability as Markov Chain Monte Carlo Inference.
markov chain monte carlo inference	perceptual multistability
Sparse PCA via Bipartite Matchings.
sparse pca	bipartite matchings
Beating SGD: Learning SVMs in Sublinear Time.
beating sgd	learning svms	sublinear time
Learning Convolutional Feature Hierarchies for Visual Recognition.
learning convolutional feature hierarchies	visual recognition
Polynomial Codes: an Optimal Design for High-Dimensional Coded Matrix Multiplication.
high-dimensional coded matrix multiplication	polynomial codes	optimal design
Automated Refinement of Bayes Networks' Parameters based on Test Ordering Constraints.
test ordering constraints	automated refinement	bayes networks	parameters based
Causal Inference through a Witness Protection Program.
witness protection program	causal inference
Psychiatry: Insights into depression through normative decision-making models.
normative decision-making models
Poincaré Embeddings for Learning Hierarchical Representations.
learning hierarchical representations	poincaré embeddings
Shaping Level Sets with Submodular Functions.
shaping level sets	submodular functions
Self-Supervised Intrinsic Image Decomposition.
self-supervised intrinsic image decomposition
Adaptive Averaging in Accelerated Descent Dynamics.
accelerated descent dynamics	adaptive averaging
Reconciling "priors" & "priors" without prejudice?
priors
Efficient Minimax Signal Detection on Graphs.
efficient minimax signal detection
Measuring Neural Net Robustness with Constraints.
measuring neural net robustness
Infinite Hidden Semi-Markov Modulated Interaction Point Process.
infinite hidden semi-markov modulated interaction point process
Expressive Power and Approximation Errors of Restricted Boltzmann Machines.
restricted boltzmann machines	expressive power	approximation errors
Joint quantile regression in vector-valued RKHSs.
joint quantile regression	vector-valued rkhss
Unsupervised Learning of Disentangled and Interpretable Representations from Sequential Data.
sequential data	interpretable representations	unsupervised learning
Robust learning of low-dimensional dynamics from large neural ensembles.
large neural ensembles	robust learning	low-dimensional dynamics
EEG-Based Brain-Computer Interaction: Improved Accuracy by Automatic Single-Trial Error Detection.
automatic single-trial error detection	eeg-based brain-computer interaction	improved accuracy
Learning Auto-regressive Models from Sequence and Non-sequence Data.
learning auto-regressive models	non-sequence data
Logarithmic Time Online Multiclass prediction.
logarithmic time online multiclass prediction
Global Sensitivity Analysis for MAP Inference in Graphical Models.
global sensitivity analysis	graphical models	map inference
Learning Feature Selection Dependencies in Multi-task Learning.
learning feature selection dependencies	multi-task learning
Inference by Reparameterization in Neural Population Codes.
neural population codes
A novel family of non-parametric cumulative based divergences for point processes.
non-parametric cumulative based divergences	point processes
The Fast Convergence of Incremental PCA.
fast convergence	incremental pca
Structured ranking learning using cumulative distribution networks.
structured ranking learning	cumulative distribution networks
Two-Stream Convolutional Networks for Action Recognition in Videos.
two-stream convolutional networks	action recognition
Sparse Support Recovery with Non-smooth Loss Functions.
sparse support recovery	non-smooth loss functions
Spectral Learning of Large Structured HMMs for Comparative Epigenomics.
large structured hmms	comparative epigenomics	spectral learning
Fast detection of multiple change-points shared by many signals using group LARS.
multiple change-points shared	fast detection	group lars
Sparse deep belief net model for visual area V2.
sparse deep belief net model	visual area v2
Classification Calibration Dimension for General Multiclass Losses.
classification calibration dimension	general multiclass losses
Linear-time Algorithms for Pairwise Statistical Problems.
pairwise statistical problems	linear-time algorithms
Teaching Machines to Read and Comprehend.
teaching machines
Feature Set Embedding for Incomplete Data.
feature set embedding	incomplete data
Natural Image Denoising with Convolutional Networks.
natural image denoising	convolutional networks
Signal Estimation Under Random Time-Warpings and Nonlinear Signal Alignment.
nonlinear signal alignment	signal estimation	random time-warpings
Learning Multiple Tasks using Manifold Regularization.
learning multiple tasks	manifold regularization
Construction of Nonparametric Bayesian Models from Parametric Bayes Equations.
nonparametric bayesian models	parametric bayes equations
Identification of OCD-Relevant Brain Areas through Multivariate Feature Selection.
ocd-relevant brain areas	multivariate feature selection
Online and Stochastic Gradient Methods for Non-decomposable Loss Functions.
stochastic gradient methods	non-decomposable loss functions
Scaled Least Squares Estimator for GLMs in Large-Scale Problems.
large-scale problems	squares estimator
Learning Causal Graphs with Small Interventions.
learning causal graphs	small interventions
Acceleration and Averaging in Stochastic Descent Dynamics.
stochastic descent dynamics
Learning models of object structure.
object structure	learning models
Learned in Translation: Contextualized Word Vectors.
contextualized word vectors
Extending Gossip Algorithms to Distributed Estimation of U-statistics.
extending gossip algorithms	distributed estimation
A Latent Feature Analysis of the Neural Representation of Conceptual Knowledge.
latent feature analysis	neural representation	conceptual knowledge
Fast and accurate spike sorting of high-channel count probes with KiloSort.
high-channel count probes	accurate spike sorting
Fast Bidirectional Probability Estimation in Markov Models.
fast bidirectional probability estimation	markov models
Globally Convergent Dual MAP LP Relaxation Solvers using Fenchel-Young Margins.
globally convergent dual map lp relaxation solvers	fenchel-young margins
Double or Nothing: Multiplicative Incentive Mechanisms for Crowdsourcing.
multiplicative incentive mechanisms
Variational Mixture of Gaussian Process Experts.
gaussian process experts	variational mixture
Shape-Based Object Localization for Descriptive Classification.
shape-based object localization	descriptive classification
Bayesian estimation of orientation preference maps.
orientation preference maps	bayesian estimation
One Permutation Hashing.
permutation hashing
Learning Deep Structured Multi-Scale Features using Attention-Gated CRFs for Contour Prediction.
learning deep structured multi-scale features	attention-gated crfs	contour prediction
Data-Driven Modeling of BOLD Drug Response Curves Using Gaussian Process Learning.
bold drug response curves	gaussian process learning	data-driven modeling
Efficient Inference in Phylogenetic InDel Trees.
phylogenetic indel trees	efficient inference
Robust Principal Component Analysis: Exact Recovery of Corrupted Low-Rank Matrices via Convex Optimization.
robust principal component analysis	corrupted low-rank matrices	exact recovery	convex optimization
Deep content-based music recommendation.
deep content-based music recommendation
Maximizing Influence in an Ising Network: A Mean-Field Optimal Solution.
mean-field optimal solution	maximizing influence	ising network
A forward model at Purkinje cell synapses facilitates cerebellar anticipatory control.
purkinje cell synapses facilitates cerebellar anticipatory control	forward model
Policy Gradient With Value Function Approximation For Collective Multiagent Planning.
collective multiagent planning	policy gradient	function approximation
Quantification and the language of thought.
thought
On the Universality of Online Mirror Descent.
online mirror descent
Probabilistic Matrix Factorization.
probabilistic matrix factorization
Provable Tensor Factorization with Missing Data.
provable tensor factorization	missing data
The Robustness of Estimator Composition.
estimator composition
On the Convergence of Stochastic Gradient MCMC Algorithms with High-Order Integrators.
stochastic gradient mcmc algorithms	high-order integrators
A VLSI Implementation of the Adaptive Exponential Integrate-and-Fire Neuron Model.
adaptive exponential integrate-and-fire neuron model	vlsi implementation
Structured Learning with Approximate Inference.
approximate inference	structured learning
Learning Tree Structured Potential Games.
learning tree structured potential games
Density-Difference Estimation.
density-difference estimation
Exploring Functional Connectivities of the Human Brain using Multivariate Information Analysis.
multivariate information analysis	exploring functional connectivities	human brain
Efficient Recovery of Jointly Sparse Vectors.
jointly sparse vectors	efficient recovery
Feature Clustering for Accelerating Parallel Coordinate Descent.
accelerating parallel coordinate descent	feature clustering
A learning framework for nearest neighbor search.
nearest neighbor search	learning framework
Generalized Lasso based Approximation of Sparse Coding for Visual Recognition.
generalized lasso based approximation	visual recognition	sparse coding
Estimating Robust Query Models with Convex Optimization.
estimating robust query models	convex optimization
Online Linear Regression and Its Application to Model-Based Reinforcement Learning.
online linear regression	model-based reinforcement learning
Large Margin Taxonomy Embedding for Document Categorization.
large margin taxonomy embedding	document categorization
Adversarial Prediction Games for Multivariate Losses.
adversarial prediction games	multivariate losses
A Generalization of Submodular Cover via the Diminishing Return Property on the Integer Lattice.
diminishing return property	submodular cover	integer lattice
A Bayesian Model of Conditioned Perception.
bayesian model	conditioned perception
Adaptive Martingale Boosting.
adaptive martingale boosting
Convex Multiple-Instance Learning by Estimating Likelihood Ratio.
convex multiple-instance learning	estimating likelihood ratio
Online Learning with Switching Costs and Other Adaptive Adversaries.
online learning	switching costs	adaptive adversaries
Accuracy at the Top.
top
An Architecture for Deep, Hierarchical Generative Models.
hierarchical generative models
Heterogeneous-Neighborhood-based Multi-Task Local Learning Algorithms.
heterogeneous-neighborhood-based multi-task local learning algorithms
On Separability of Loss Functions, and Revisiting Discriminative Vs Generative Models.
revisiting discriminative	loss functions	generative models
General Tensor Spectral Co-clustering for Higher-Order Data.
general tensor spectral co-clustering	higher-order data
Quantum Perceptron Models.
quantum perceptron models
Convergence Rate Analysis of MAP Coordinate Minimization Algorithms.
map coordinate minimization algorithms	convergence rate analysis
Auditing: Active Learning with Outcome-Dependent Query Costs.
outcome-dependent query costs	active learning
Discovering Hidden Variables in Noisy-Or Networks using Quartet Tests.
discovering hidden variables	quartet tests
large scale canonical correlation analysis with iterative least squares.
large scale canonical correlation analysis
Tighten after Relax: Minimax-Optimal Sparse PCA in Polynomial Time.
minimax-optimal sparse pca	polynomial time
Ensemble Clustering using Semidefinite Programming.
ensemble clustering	semidefinite programming
Bayesian Pedigree Analysis using Measure Factorization.
bayesian pedigree analysis	measure factorization
Efficient Online Learning via Randomized Rounding.
efficient online learning	randomized rounding
MDPs with Non-Deterministic Policies.
non-deterministic policies
Relating Brain Functional Connectivity to Anatomical Connections: Model Selection.
relating brain functional connectivity	anatomical connections	model selection
Expectation Propagation in Gaussian Process Dynamical Systems.
gaussian process dynamical systems	expectation propagation
The Population Posterior and Bayesian Modeling on Streams.
bayesian modeling	population posterior
Empirical models of spiking in neural populations.
empirical models	neural populations
Structured Prediction Theory Based on Factor Graph Complexity.
structured prediction theory based	factor graph complexity
Regret Minimization in Games with Incomplete Information.
regret minimization	incomplete information
The Value of Labeled and Unlabeled Examples when the Model is Imperfect.
unlabeled examples
Near-Optimal MAP Inference for Determinantal Point Processes.
near-optimal map inference	determinantal point processes
Online Learning with Transductive Regret.
transductive regret	online learning
Algorithmic Stability and Uniform Generalization.
uniform generalization	algorithmic stability
ADMM without a Fixed Penalty Parameter: Faster Convergence with New Adaptive Penalization.
fixed penalty parameter	faster convergence	adaptive penalization
Fractal Grammars which Recover from Perturbations.
fractal grammars
Fader Networks: Manipulating Images by Sliding Attributes.
manipulating images	sliding attributes	fader networks
An in-silico Neural Model of Dynamic Routing through Neuronal Coherence.
in-silico neural model	neuronal coherence	dynamic routing
Breaking Boundaries Between Induction Time and Diagnosis Time Active Information Acquisition.
diagnosis time active information acquisition	induction time	breaking boundaries
Multi-task Gaussian Process Learning of Robot Inverse Dynamics.
multi-task gaussian process learning	robot inverse dynamics
Triple Generative Adversarial Nets.
triple generative adversarial nets
Spike Feature Extraction Using Informative Samples.
spike feature extraction	informative samples
Low-Rank Matrix and Tensor Completion via Adaptive Sampling.
adaptive sampling	low-rank matrix	tensor completion
Prior-free and prior-dependent regret bounds for Thompson Sampling.
prior-dependent regret bounds	thompson sampling
Humans Learn Using Manifolds, Reluctantly.
humans learn
Overlaying classifiers: a practical approach for optimal ranking.
overlaying classifiers	practical approach	optimal ranking
Nonnegative dictionary learning in the exponential noise model for adaptive music signal representation.
adaptive music signal representation	nonnegative dictionary learning	exponential noise model
A primal-dual method for conic constrained distributed optimization problems.
conic constrained distributed optimization problems	primal-dual method
Optimal Reinforcement Learning for Gaussian Systems.
optimal reinforcement learning	gaussian systems
Playing Pinball with non-invasive BCI.
non-invasive bci	playing pinball
Optimal rates for k-NN density and mode estimation.
mode estimation	optimal rates	k-nn density
Exploration in Model-based Reinforcement Learning by Empirically Estimating Learning Progress.
empirically estimating learning progress	model-based reinforcement learning
The New Graph Kernels on Connectivity Networks for Identification of MCI.
connectivity networks	graph kernels
Multi-resolution Exploration in Continuous Spaces.
multi-resolution exploration	continuous spaces
Second Order Bilinear Discriminant Analysis for single trial EEG analysis.
order bilinear discriminant analysis	single trial eeg analysis
Data driven estimation of Laplace-Beltrami operator.
data driven estimation	laplace-beltrami operator
Linear readout from a neural population with partial correlation data.
partial correlation data	neural population	linear readout
Estimating the Unseen: Improved Estimators for Entropy and other Properties.
improved estimators
Dynamic matrix recovery from incomplete observations under an exact low-rank constraint.
dynamic matrix recovery	exact low-rank constraint	incomplete observations
Learning unbelievable probabilities.
learning unbelievable probabilities
Learning Kernels with Random Features.
random features	learning kernels
Stabilizing Training of Generative Adversarial Networks through Regularization.
generative adversarial networks	stabilizing training
Turing Computation with Recurrent Artificial Neural Networks.
recurrent artificial neural networks	turing computation
Efficient Algorithm for Privately Releasing Smooth Queries.
privately releasing smooth queries	efficient algorithm
Variational Inference for Mahalanobis Distance Metrics in Gaussian Process Regression.
mahalanobis distance metrics	gaussian process regression	variational inference
Secure Multi-party Differential Privacy.
secure multi-party differential privacy
Multiscale Quantization for Fast Similarity Search.
fast similarity search	multiscale quantization
Estimation of the covariance structure of heavy-tailed distributions.
covariance structure	heavy-tailed distributions
Language Modeling with Recurrent Highway Hypernetworks.
recurrent highway hypernetworks	language modeling
"The Lovasz $\\theta$ function, SVMs and finding large dense subgraphs".
finding large dense subgraphs	theta$ function
Convergence of Gradient EM on Multi-component Mixture of Gaussians.
gradient em	multi-component mixture
Capacity of strong attractor patterns to model behavioural and cognitive prototypes.
strong attractor patterns	model behavioural	cognitive prototypes
Blind Calibration in Compressed Sensing using Message Passing Algorithms.
message passing algorithms	blind calibration	compressed sensing
Automatic Discovery of Cognitive Skills to Improve the Prediction of Student Learning.
cognitive skills	student learning	automatic discovery
Functional form of motion priors in human motion perception.
human motion perception	motion priors	functional form
Cross-Domain Matching for Bag-of-Words Data via Kernel Embeddings of Latent Distributions.
latent distributions	bag-of-words data	kernel embeddings	cross-domain matching
Empirical Risk Minimization with Approximations of Probabilistic Grammars.
empirical risk minimization	probabilistic grammars
Estimating the class prior and posterior from noisy positives and unlabeled data.
unlabeled data	noisy positives	class prior
Non-linear Metric Learning.
non-linear metric learning
Triangle Generative Adversarial Networks.
triangle generative adversarial networks
Relative Performance Guarantees for Approximate Inference in Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
relative performance guarantees	latent dirichlet allocation	approximate inference
Differential Use of Implicit Negative Evidence in Generative and Discriminative Language Learning.
discriminative language learning	implicit negative evidence
Spike train entropy-rate estimation using hierarchical Dirichlet process priors.
spike train entropy-rate estimation	hierarchical dirichlet process priors
Data Generation as Sequential Decision Making.
sequential decision making	data generation
Stochastic Variational Deep Kernel Learning.
stochastic variational deep kernel learning
Lattice Regression.
lattice regression
Revisiting Perceptron: Efficient and Label-Optimal Learning of Halfspaces.
label-optimal learning	revisiting perceptron
Online Learning: Random Averages, Combinatorial Parameters, and Learnability.
combinatorial parameters	online learning	random averages
A Recurrent Neural Network for Multiple Language Acquisition: Starting with English and French.
multiple language acquisition	recurrent neural network
Proximal Stochastic Methods for Nonsmooth Nonconvex Finite-Sum Optimization.
nonsmooth nonconvex finite-sum optimization	proximal stochastic methods
Dialog-based Language Learning.
dialog-based language learning
Generating steganographic images via adversarial training.
generating steganographic images	adversarial training
PAC Reinforcement Learning with Rich Observations.
pac reinforcement learning	rich observations
Large-Scale Bayesian Multi-Label Learning via Topic-Based Label Embeddings.
large-scale bayesian multi-label learning	topic-based label embeddings
Symmetric Correspondence Topic Models for Multilingual Text Analysis.
symmetric correspondence topic models	multilingual text analysis
Tiled convolutional neural networks.
tiled convolutional neural networks
Graph Clustering With Missing Data: Convex Algorithms and Analysis.
convex algorithms	missing data	graph clustering
Robust Feature-Sample Linear Discriminant Analysis for Brain Disorders Diagnosis.
robust feature-sample linear discriminant analysis	brain disorders diagnosis
Transelliptical Graphical Models.
transelliptical graphical models
Committing Bandits.
committing bandits
Alternating Minimization for Regression Problems with Vector-valued Outputs.
vector-valued outputs	alternating minimization	regression problems
Learning to Hash with Binary Reconstructive Embeddings.
binary reconstructive embeddings
Segmentation as Maximum-Weight Independent Set.
maximum-weight independent set
Deep Alternative Neural Network: Exploring Contexts as Early as Possible for Action Recognition.
deep alternative neural network	exploring contexts	action recognition
Dimensionality Dependent PAC-Bayes Margin Bound.
dimensionality dependent pac-bayes margin bound
Streaming Robust Submodular Maximization: A Partitioned Thresholding Approach.
streaming robust submodular maximization	partitioned thresholding approach
Maximal Cliques that Satisfy Hard Constraints with Application to Deformable Object Model Learning.
deformable object model learning	satisfy hard constraints	maximal cliques
How Does the Brain Represent Visual Scenes? A Neuromagnetic Scene Categorization Study.
brain represent visual scenes	neuromagnetic scene categorization study
Multi-criteria Anomaly Detection using Pareto Depth Analysis.
multi-criteria anomaly detection	pareto depth analysis
Incremental Natural Actor-Critic Algorithms.
incremental natural actor-critic algorithms
Minimax Multi-Task Learning and a Generalized Loss-Compositional Paradigm for MTL.
minimax multi-task learning	generalized loss-compositional paradigm
Kernel Methods for Deep Learning.
deep learning	kernel methods
One-shot learning by inverting a compositional causal process.
compositional causal process	one-shot learning
Sparse and Locally Constant Gaussian Graphical Models.
locally constant gaussian graphical models
A State-Space Model for Decoding Auditory Attentional Modulation from MEG in a Competing-Speaker Environment.
decoding auditory attentional modulation	competing-speaker environment	state-space model
On Frank-Wolfe and Equilibrium Computation.
equilibrium computation
Relaxed Clipping: A Global Training Method for Robust Regression and Classification.
global training method	robust regression	relaxed clipping
Adversarial Surrogate Losses for Ordinal Regression.
adversarial surrogate losses	ordinal regression
Kernel Measures of Independence for non-iid Data.
non-iid data	kernel measures
An Application of Tree-Structured Expectation Propagation for Channel Decoding.
tree-structured expectation propagation	channel decoding
Leveraging Sparsity for Efficient Submodular Data Summarization.
efficient submodular data summarization	leveraging sparsity
Generalization Bounds and Consistency for Latent Structural Probit and Ramp Loss.
latent structural probit	ramp loss	generalization bounds
Principal Differences Analysis: Interpretable Characterization of Differences between Distributions.
principal differences analysis	interpretable characterization
Improving Existing Fault Recovery Policies.
improving existing fault recovery policies
Practical Bayesian Optimization for Model Fitting with Bayesian Adaptive Direct Search.
bayesian adaptive direct search	practical bayesian optimization	model fitting
Random function priors for exchangeable arrays with applications to graphs and relational data.
random function priors	exchangeable arrays	relational data
Advice Refinement in Knowledge-Based SVMs.
knowledge-based svms	advice refinement
Gaussian Process Training with Input Noise.
gaussian process training	input noise
Associative Memory via a Sparse Recovery Model.
sparse recovery model	associative memory
Matrix Completion for Multi-label Image Classification.
multi-label image classification	matrix completion
Scalable Non-linear Learning with Adaptive Polynomial Expansions.
scalable non-linear learning	adaptive polynomial expansions
McRank: Learning to Rank Using Multiple Classification and Gradient Boosting.
gradient boosting	multiple classification
OnACID: Online Analysis of Calcium Imaging Data in Real Time.
calcium imaging data	online analysis	real time
Effective Parallelisation for Machine Learning.
effective parallelisation	machine learning
Random Projection Filter Bank for Time Series Data.
random projection filter bank	time series data
Optimal kernel choice for large-scale two-sample tests.
large-scale two-sample tests	optimal kernel choice
Posterior Consistency of the Silverman g-prior in Bayesian Model Choice.
bayesian model choice	posterior consistency	silverman g-prior
General Table Completion using a Bayesian Nonparametric Model.
bayesian nonparametric model	general table completion
Improved Distributed Principal Component Analysis.
improved distributed principal component analysis
Theory of matching pursuit.
matching pursuit
Which Space Partitioning Tree to Use for Search?
space partitioning tree
Toward Goal-Driven Neural Network Models for the Rodent Whisker-Trigeminal System.
goal-driven neural network models	rodent whisker-trigeminal system
Augment-and-Conquer Negative Binomial Processes.
augment-and-conquer negative binomial processes
Robust Spectral Detection of Global Structures in the Data by Learning a Regularization.
robust spectral detection	global structures
Generalization in Adaptive Data Analysis and Holdout Reuse.
adaptive data analysis	holdout reuse
Zero-shot Learning with Semantic Output Codes.
semantic output codes	zero-shot learning
Collective Inference on Markov Models for Modeling Bird Migration.
modeling bird migration	collective inference	markov models
Fast Two-Sample Testing with Analytic Representations of Probability Measures.
fast two-sample testing	probability measures	analytic representations
Measuring the reliability of MCMC inference with bidirectional Monte Carlo.
bidirectional monte carlo	mcmc inference
Consistent Multilabel Classification.
consistent multilabel classification
Message Passing Inference for Large Scale Graphical Models with High Order Potentials.
large scale graphical models	high order potentials	message passing inference
Difference of Convex Functions Programming for Reinforcement Learning.
convex functions programming	reinforcement learning
Efficient Learning of Continuous-Time Hidden Markov Models for Disease Progression.
continuous-time hidden markov models	disease progression	efficient learning
Efficient Large-Scale Distributed Training of Conditional Maximum Entropy Models.
efficient large-scale distributed training	conditional maximum entropy models
Optimal learning rates for Kernel Conjugate Gradient regression.
kernel conjugate gradient regression	optimal learning rates
Diffeomorphic Dimensionality Reduction.
diffeomorphic dimensionality reduction
Toward Deeper Understanding of Neural Networks: The Power of Initialization and a Dual View on Expressivity.
neural networks	dual view	deeper understanding
Linear Submodular Bandits and their Application to Diversified Retrieval.
linear submodular bandits	diversified retrieval
Extracting low-dimensional dynamics from multiple large-scale neural population recordings by learning to predict correlations.
multiple large-scale neural population recordings	extracting low-dimensional dynamics	predict correlations
Can Decentralized Algorithms Outperform Centralized Algorithms? A Case Study for Decentralized Parallel Stochastic Gradient Descent.
decentralized algorithms outperform centralized algorithms	decentralized parallel stochastic gradient descent	case study
Online Learning of Optimal Bidding Strategy in Repeated Multi-Commodity Auctions.
repeated multi-commodity auctions	optimal bidding strategy	online learning
Multi-way Interacting Regression via Factorization Machines.
interacting regression	factorization machines
High-Order Attention Models for Visual Question Answering.
visual question answering	high-order attention models
A Convex Formulation for Learning Scale-Free Networks via Submodular Relaxation.
learning scale-free networks	submodular relaxation	convex formulation
Higher-Order Factorization Machines.
higher-order factorization machines
Bootstrap Model Aggregation for Distributed Statistical Learning.
distributed statistical learning	bootstrap model aggregation
Information-theoretic lower bounds on the oracle complexity of convex optimization.
information-theoretic lower bounds	oracle complexity	convex optimization
Streaming Variational Bayes.
streaming variational bayes
On Triangular versus Edge Representations --- Towards Scalable Modeling of Networks.
triangular versus edge representations ---	scalable modeling
Matrix Manifold Optimization for Gaussian Mixtures.
matrix manifold optimization	gaussian mixtures
Computing the Stationary Distribution Locally.
stationary distribution locally
Robust k-means: a Theoretical Revisit.
theoretical revisit	robust k-means
Artificial Olfactory Brain for Mixture Identification.
artificial olfactory brain	mixture identification
Towards Unifying Hamiltonian Monte Carlo and Slice Sampling.
unifying hamiltonian monte carlo	slice sampling
Regularized Laplacian Estimation and Fast Eigenvector Approximation.
fast eigenvector approximation	regularized laplacian estimation
Learning Kernels Using Local Rademacher Complexity.
local rademacher complexity	learning kernels
Tensor Biclustering.
tensor biclustering
Nonlinear random matrix theory for deep learning.
nonlinear random matrix theory	deep learning
Spectral Mixture Kernels for Multi-Output Gaussian Processes.
spectral mixture kernels	multi-output gaussian processes
A Rate Distortion Approach for Semi-Supervised Conditional Random Fields.
semi-supervised conditional random fields	rate distortion approach
Non-convex Statistical Optimization for Sparse Tensor Graphical Model.
sparse tensor graphical model	non-convex statistical optimization
Efficient Compressive Phase Retrieval with Constrained Sensing Vectors.
efficient compressive phase retrieval	constrained sensing vectors
Compete to Compute.
compute
Finding significant combinations of features in the presence of categorical covariates.
finding significant combinations	categorical covariates
Minimizing Uncertainty in Pipelines.
minimizing uncertainty
Small-Variance Asymptotics for Exponential Family Dirichlet Process Mixture Models.
exponential family dirichlet process mixture models	small-variance asymptotics
Adaptive Concentration Inequalities for Sequential Decision Problems.
adaptive concentration inequalities	sequential decision problems
Deep Exploration via Bootstrapped DQN.
deep exploration	bootstrapped dqn
Exponential Family Predictive Representations of State.
exponential family predictive representations
Random Permutation Online Isotonic Regression.
random permutation online isotonic regression
Learning with Invariance via Linear Functionals on Reproducing Kernel Hilbert Space.
reproducing kernel hilbert space	linear functionals
How SVMs can estimate quantiles and the median.
estimate quantiles
Multi-scale Hyper-time Hardware Emulation of Human Motor Nervous System Based on Spiking Neurons using FPGA.
human motor nervous system based	multi-scale hyper-time hardware emulation	spiking neurons
Inductive Regularized Learning of Kernel Functions.
inductive regularized learning	kernel functions
EEG-GRAPH: A Factor-Graph-Based Model for Capturing Spatial, Temporal, and Observational Relationships in Electroencephalograms.
factor-graph-based model	capturing spatial	observational relationships
Tight Bounds on Profile Redundancy and Distinguishability.
profile redundancy	tight bounds
Sufficient Conditions for Generating Group Level Sparsity in a Robust Minimax Framework.
generating group level sparsity	robust minimax framework	sufficient conditions
Transferring Expectations in Model-based Reinforcement Learning.
model-based reinforcement learning	transferring expectations
A Machine Learning Approach to Predict Chemical Reactions.
machine learning approach	predict chemical reactions
Variance-based Regularization with Convex Objectives.
variance-based regularization	convex objectives
Multi-Step Stochastic ADMM in High Dimensions: Applications to Sparse Optimization and Matrix Decomposition.
multi-step stochastic admm	high dimensions	matrix decomposition	sparse optimization
Are You Talking to a Machine? Dataset and Methods for Multilingual Image Question.
multilingual image question
PAC-Bayesian Model Selection for Reinforcement Learning.
pac-bayesian model selection	reinforcement learning
On the Design of Loss Functions for Classification: theory, robustness to outliers, and SavageBoost.
loss functions
Bi-Objective Online Matching and Submodular Allocations.
bi-objective online matching	submodular allocations
Parametric Task Learning.
parametric task learning
Distributionally Robust Logistic Regression.
distributionally robust logistic regression
Generalized Correspondence-LDA Models (GC-LDA) for Identifying Functional Regions in the Brain.
generalized correspondence-lda models	identifying functional regions
Learning spatiotemporal trajectories from manifold-valued longitudinal data.
learning spatiotemporal trajectories	manifold-valued longitudinal data
Parallel Predictive Entropy Search for Batch Global Optimization of Expensive Objective Functions.
parallel predictive entropy search	expensive objective functions	batch global optimization
Combining Different Modalities in Classifying Phonological Categories.
classifying phonological categories
Bayesian Agglomerative Clustering with Coalescents.
bayesian agglomerative clustering
Learning Trajectory Preferences for Manipulators via Iterative Improvement.
learning trajectory preferences	iterative improvement
Collaborative Gaussian Processes for Preference Learning.
collaborative gaussian processes	preference learning
Why The Brain Separates Face Recognition From Object Recognition.
brain separates face recognition	object recognition
Covariance Selection in the Linear Mixed Effect Mode.
linear mixed effect mode	covariance selection
Rapid Deformable Object Detection using Dual-Tree Branch-and-Bound.
rapid deformable object detection	dual-tree branch-and-bound
Differential Privacy without Sensitivity.
differential privacy
Learning with Incremental Iterative Regularization.
incremental iterative regularization
Regularized Policy Iteration.
regularized policy iteration
Near-optimal sample compression for nearest neighbors.
near-optimal sample compression	nearest neighbors
Learning Multiple Tasks with Multilinear Relationship Networks.
multilinear relationship networks	learning multiple tasks
Dual-Agent GANs for Photorealistic and Identity Preserving Profile Face Synthesis.
identity preserving profile face synthesis	dual-agent gans
Cardinality Restricted Boltzmann Machines.
cardinality restricted boltzmann machines
Explaining human multiple object tracking as resource-constrained approximate inference in a dynamic probabilistic model.
explaining human multiple object tracking	dynamic probabilistic model	resource-constrained approximate inference
Bounds on marginal probability distributions.
marginal probability distributions
Fair Clustering Through Fairlets.
fair clustering
Approximating Concavely Parameterized Optimization Problems.
approximating concavely parameterized optimization problems
Practical Locally Private Heavy Hitters.
practical locally private heavy hitters
Mean teachers are better role models: Weight-averaged consistency targets improve semi-supervised deep learning results.
weight-averaged consistency targets improve semi-supervised deep learning results	role models
A Fast, Consistent Kernel Two-Sample Test.
consistent kernel two-sample test
Nonparametric Density Estimation for Stochastic Optimization with an Observable State Variable.
nonparametric density estimation	observable state variable	stochastic optimization
Globally Optimal Training of Generalized Polynomial Neural Networks with Nonlinear Spectral Methods.
generalized polynomial neural networks	globally optimal training	nonlinear spectral methods
Variance Reduction in Monte-Carlo Tree Search.
monte-carlo tree search	variance reduction
Learning Partially Observable Models Using Temporally Abstract Decision Trees.
temporally abstract decision trees	learning partially observable models
Policy Search for Motor Primitives in Robotics.
motor primitives	policy search
Learning HMMs with Nonparametric Emissions via Spectral Decompositions of Continuous Matrices.
nonparametric emissions	continuous matrices	learning hmms	spectral decompositions
State Aware Imitation Learning.
state aware imitation learning
A Complete Recipe for Stochastic Gradient MCMC.
stochastic gradient mcmc	complete recipe
COEVOLVE: A Joint Point Process Model for Information Diffusion and Network Co-evolution.
joint point process model	information diffusion	network co-evolution
Distributed Estimation, Information Loss and Exponential Families.
distributed estimation	exponential families	information loss
Super-Resolution Off the Grid.
super-resolution
Probabilistic low-rank matrix completion on finite alphabets.
probabilistic low-rank matrix completion	finite alphabets
Weighted Classification Cascades for Optimizing Discovery Significance in the HiggsML Challenge.
optimizing discovery significance	weighted classification cascades	higgsml challenge
Matrix reconstruction with the local max norm.
local max norm	matrix reconstruction
Frank-Wolfe Bayesian Quadrature: Probabilistic Integration with Theoretical Guarantees.
frank-wolfe bayesian quadrature	probabilistic integration	theoretical guarantees
Kernel functions based on triplet comparisons.
kernel functions based	triplet comparisons
Binarized Neural Networks.
binarized neural networks
Optimization, Learning, and Games with Predictable Sequences.
predictable sequences
DPSCREEN: Dynamic Personalized Screening.
dynamic personalized screening
Universal Option Models.
universal option models
A latent factor model for highly multi-relational data.
highly multi-relational data	latent factor model
Global Analysis of Expectation Maximization for Mixtures of Two Gaussians.
expectation maximization	global analysis
Risk-Aversion in Multi-armed Bandits.
multi-armed bandits
Discriminative Transfer Learning with Tree-based Priors.
discriminative transfer learning	tree-based priors
Robust Bloom Filters for Large MultiLabel Classification Tasks.
large multilabel classification tasks	robust bloom filters
Tracking Time-varying Graphical Structure.
tracking time-varying graphical structure
Conservative Contextual Linear Bandits.
conservative contextual linear bandits
Scalable Inference of Overlapping Communities.
overlapping communities	scalable inference
From PAC-Bayes Bounds to KL Regularization.
kl regularization	pac-bayes bounds
Graphical Models for Inference with Missing Data.
missing data	graphical models
Bellman Error Based Feature Generation using Random Projections on Sparse Spaces.
bellman error based feature generation	sparse spaces	random projections
Fast Prediction on a Tree.
fast prediction
Functional network reorganization in motor cortex can be explained by reward-modulated Hebbian learning.
reward-modulated hebbian learning	functional network reorganization	motor cortex
Gaussian sampling by local perturbations.
local perturbations	gaussian sampling
On the Power of Truncated SVD for General High-rank Matrix Estimation Problems.
general high-rank matrix estimation problems	truncated svd
Analysis of SVM with Indefinite Kernels.
indefinite kernels
Learning Mixtures of Submodular Functions for Image Collection Summarization.
image collection summarization	learning mixtures	submodular functions
Accuracy and Interpretability Trade-Offs in Machine Learning Applied to Safer Gambling.
machine learning applied	safer gambling	interpretability trade-offs
Lookahead Bayesian Optimization with Inequality Constraints.
lookahead bayesian optimization	inequality constraints
Maximum Covariance Unfolding : Manifold Learning for Bimodal Data.
maximum covariance unfolding	bimodal data	manifold learning
Supervised Learning with Similarity Functions.
supervised learning	similarity functions
An ideal observer model for identifying the reference frame of objects.
ideal observer model	reference frame
Graph Zeta Function in the Bethe Free Energy and Loopy Belief Propagation.
graph zeta function	loopy belief propagation	bethe free energy
Reciprocally Coupled Local Estimators Implement Bayesian Information Integration Distributively.
reciprocally coupled local estimators implement bayesian information integration distributively
Unsupervised Feature Selection for the $k$-means Clustering Problem.
unsupervised feature selection	$-means clustering problem
Bayesian Inference for Structured Spike and Slab Priors.
structured spike	slab priors	bayesian inference
Adaptive optimal training of animal behavior.
adaptive optimal training	animal behavior
Estimating High-dimensional Non-Gaussian Multiple Index Models via Stein's Lemma.
estimating high-dimensional non-gaussian multiple index models
What Uncertainties Do We Need in Bayesian Deep Learning for Computer Vision?
bayesian deep learning	computer vision
Feedback Detection for Live Predictors.
live predictors	feedback detection
Interpolated Policy Gradient: Merging On-Policy and Off-Policy Gradient Estimation for Deep Reinforcement Learning.
off-policy gradient estimation	interpolated policy gradient	deep reinforcement learning	merging on-policy
Pose Guided Person Image Generation.
pose guided person image generation
On-line Reinforcement Learning Using Incremental Kernel-Based Stochastic Factorization.
incremental kernel-based stochastic factorization	on-line reinforcement learning
Near-optimal Anomaly Detection in Graphs using Lovasz Extended Scan Statistic.
lovasz extended scan statistic	near-optimal anomaly detection
Smoothed Gradients for Stochastic Variational Inference.
stochastic variational inference	smoothed gradients
Phoneme Classification using Constrained Variational Gaussian Process Dynamical System.
constrained variational gaussian process dynamical system	phoneme classification
Structure Regularization for Structured Prediction.
structure regularization	structured prediction
Finite Time Analysis of Stratified Sampling for Monte Carlo.
finite time analysis	stratified sampling	monte carlo
Recurrent networks of coupled Winner-Take-All oscillators for solving constraint satisfaction problems.
solving constraint satisfaction problems	recurrent networks	coupled winner-take-
Geometric optimisation on positive definite matrices for elliptically contoured distributions.
elliptically contoured distributions	positive definite matrices	geometric optimisation
The Parallel Knowledge Gradient Method for Batch Bayesian Optimization.
parallel knowledge gradient method	batch bayesian optimization
Homeostatic plasticity in Bayesian spiking networks as Expectation Maximization with posterior constraints.
bayesian spiking networks	homeostatic plasticity	posterior constraints	expectation maximization
Latent Maximum Margin Clustering.
latent maximum margin clustering
Convex Optimization Procedure for Clustering: Theoretical Revisit.
convex optimization procedure	theoretical revisit
Message-Passing for Approximate MAP Inference with Latent Variables.
approximate map inference	latent variables
A Scalable CUR Matrix Decomposition Algorithm: Lower Time Complexity and Tighter Bound.
scalable cur matrix decomposition algorithm	lower time complexity	tighter bound
Learning transport operators for image manifolds.
learning transport operators	image manifolds
Selecting Observations against Adversarial Objectives.
adversarial objectives	selecting observations
On model selection consistency of penalized M-estimators: a geometric theory.
model selection consistency	geometric theory	penalized m-estimators
Structured Transforms for Small-Footprint Deep Learning.
small-footprint deep learning	structured transforms
Multisensory Encoding, Decoding, and Identification.
multisensory encoding
Segmenting Scenes by Matching Image Composites.
matching image composites	segmenting scenes
Putting Bayes to sleep.
putting bayes
Learning with Tree-Averaged Densities and Distributions.
tree-averaged densities
q-OCSVM: A q-Quantile Estimator for High-Dimensional Distributions.
q-quantile estimator	high-dimensional distributions
Algorithm selection by rational metareasoning as a model of human strategy selection.
human strategy selection	algorithm selection	rational metareasoning
Sample Complexity of Testing the Manifold Hypothesis.
manifold hypothesis	sample complexity
Learning Chordal Markov Networks via Branch and Bound.
learning chordal markov networks
Sodium entry efficiency during action potentials: A novel single-parameter family of Hodgkin-Huxley models.
sodium entry efficiency	single-parameter family	action potentials	hodgkin-huxley models
Learning a Multi-View Stereo Machine.
multi-view stereo machine
A Unified Semantic Embedding: Relating Taxonomies and Attributes.
unified semantic embedding	relating taxonomies
Robust Clustering as Ensembles of Affinity Relations.
affinity relations	robust clustering
Gaussian-process factor analysis for low-dimensional single-trial analysis of neural population activity.
low-dimensional single-trial analysis	gaussian-process factor analysis	neural population activity
Decomposing Parameter Estimation Problems.
decomposing parameter estimation problems
Bayesian Action-Graph Games.
bayesian action-graph games
A Theoretically Grounded Application of Dropout in Recurrent Neural Networks.
recurrent neural networks	theoretically grounded application
Model-based Bayesian inference of neural activity and connectivity from all-optical interrogation of a neural circuit.
model-based bayesian inference	neural circuit	all-optical interrogation	neural activity
Few-Shot Learning Through an Information Retrieval Lens.
information retrieval lens	few-shot learning
Inductive Representation Learning on Large Graphs.
inductive representation learning	large graphs
Penalty Decomposition Methods for Rank Minimization.
penalty decomposition methods	rank minimization
Learning Hierarchical Information Flow with Recurrent Neural Modules.
learning hierarchical information flow	recurrent neural modules
Training sparse natural image models with a fast Gibbs sampler of an extended state space.
training sparse natural image models	extended state space	fast gibbs sampler
Bandits Dueling on Partially Ordered Sets.
partially ordered sets	bandits dueling
Feature Selection Methods for Improving Protein Structure Prediction with Rosetta.
improving protein structure prediction	feature selection methods
Asynchronous Parallel Stochastic Gradient for Nonconvex Optimization.
asynchronous parallel stochastic gradient	nonconvex optimization
Fast, Sample-Efficient Algorithms for Structured Phase Retrieval.
structured phase retrieval	sample-efficient algorithms
Contraction Properties of VLSI Cooperative Competitive Neural Networks of Spiking Neurons.
vlsi cooperative competitive neural networks	spiking neurons	contraction properties
Encoding High Dimensional Local Features by Sparse Coding Based Fisher Vectors.
encoding high dimensional local features	sparse coding based fisher vectors
A Probabilistic Framework for Multimodal Retrieval using Integrative Indian Buffet Process.
integrative indian buffet process	probabilistic framework	multimodal retrieval
YASS: Yet Another Spike Sorter.
spike sorter
On Tensor Train Rank Minimization : Statistical Efficiency and Scalable Algorithm.
tensor train rank minimization	scalable algorithm	statistical efficiency
Mixed Linear Regression with Multiple Components.
mixed linear regression	multiple components
How Prior Probability Influences Decision Making: A Unifying Probabilistic Model.
prior probability influences decision making	unifying probabilistic model
Spatio-Temporal Hilbert Maps for Continuous Occupancy Representation in Dynamic Environments.
continuous occupancy representation	spatio-temporal hilbert maps	dynamic environments
Maximum Margin Interval Trees.
maximum margin interval trees
Off-policy evaluation for slate recommendation.
off-policy evaluation	slate recommendation
Two is better than one: distinct roles for familiarity and recollection in retrieving palimpsest memories.
retrieving palimpsest memories	distinct roles
Theoretical Analysis of Heuristic Search Methods for Online POMDPs.
heuristic search methods	theoretical analysis	online pomdps
Dual Discriminator Generative Adversarial Nets.
dual discriminator generative adversarial nets
Assortment Optimization Under the Mallows model.
assortment optimization	mallows model
Analog Memories in a Balanced Rate-Based Network of E-I Neurons.
balanced rate-based network	analog memories
Switching state space model for simultaneously estimating state transitions and nonstationary firing rates.
simultaneously estimating state transitions	switching state space model	nonstationary firing rates
Online and Differentially-Private Tensor Decomposition.
differentially-private tensor decomposition
Subspace-Based Face Recognition in Analog VLSI.
subspace-based face recognition	analog vlsi
Restricting exchangeable nonparametric distributions.
restricting exchangeable nonparametric distributions
Large-Scale Price Optimization via Network Flow.
large-scale price optimization	network flow
Mistake Bounds for Binary Matrix Completion.
binary matrix completion	mistake bounds
Adaptive Multi-Task Lasso: with Application to eQTL Detection.
adaptive multi-task lasso	eqtl detection
Bregman Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers.
bregman alternating direction method
Slow, Decorrelated Features for Pretraining Complex Cell-like Networks.
pretraining complex cell-	decorrelated features
Reinforcement Learning under Model Mismatch.
reinforcement learning	model mismatch
Continuous Relaxations for Discrete Hamiltonian Monte Carlo.
discrete hamiltonian monte carlo	continuous relaxations
A unified framework for high-dimensional analysis of $M$-estimators with decomposable regularizers.
decomposable regularizers	high-dimensional analysis	unified framework
Learning to Optimize via Information-Directed Sampling.
information-directed sampling
Experimental Design for Learning Causal Graphs with Latent Variables.
learning causal graphs	latent variables	experimental design
Unsupervised Feature Extraction by Time-Contrastive Learning and Nonlinear ICA.
unsupervised feature extraction	nonlinear ica	time-contrastive learning
Dynamic Routing Between Capsules.
dynamic routing
Scrambled Objects for Least-Squares Regression.
scrambled objects	least-squares regression
Towards a learning-theoretic analysis of spike-timing dependent plasticity.
spike-timing dependent plasticity	learning-theoretic analysis
Discriminative Gaifman Models.
discriminative gaifman models
Subset Selection and Summarization in Sequential Data.
subset selection	sequential data
Learning to Search in Branch and Bound Algorithms.
bound algorithms
Markov Chain Monte Carlo with People.
markov chain monte carlo
Kernel Feature Selection via Conditional Covariance Minimization.
kernel feature selection	conditional covariance minimization
Hierarchical Optimistic Region Selection driven by Curiosity.
hierarchical optimistic region selection driven
Nonparametric sparse hierarchical models describe V1 fMRI responses to natural images.
nonparametric sparse hierarchical models describe v1 fmri responses	natural images
Active Learning Applied to Patient-Adaptive Heartbeat Classification.
active learning applied	patient-adaptive heartbeat classification
Unifying Non-Maximum Likelihood Learning Objectives with Minimum KL Contraction.
unifying non-maximum likelihood learning objectives	minimum kl contraction
Column Selection via Adaptive Sampling.
column selection	adaptive sampling
How hard is my MDP?" The distribution-norm to the rescue".
mdp
Neural Program Meta-Induction.
neural program meta-induction
Training Restricted Boltzmann Machine via the Thouless-Anderson-Palmer free energy.
training restricted boltzmann machine	thouless-anderson-palmer free energy
Testing Unfaithful Gaussian Graphical Models.
testing unfaithful gaussian graphical models
Dissecting the Winning Solution of the HiggsML Challenge.
higgsml challenge	winning solution
Phase Retrieval using Alternating Minimization.
alternating minimization	phase retrieval
Near-Optimal Edge Evaluation in Explicit Generalized Binomial Graphs.
explicit generalized binomial graphs	near-optimal edge evaluation
One-Shot Imitation Learning.
one-shot imitation learning
Robust Spectral Inference for Joint Stochastic Matrix Factorization.
joint stochastic matrix factorization	robust spectral inference
Communication/Computation Tradeoffs in Consensus-Based Distributed Optimization.
consensus-based distributed optimization	communication/computation tradeoffs
Reservoir Boosting : Between Online and Offline Ensemble Learning.
offline ensemble learning	reservoir boosting
Reconstructing Parameters of Spreading Models from Partial Observations.
reconstructing parameters	partial observations	spreading models
Online allocation and homogeneous partitioning for piecewise constant mean-approximation.
piecewise constant mean-approximation	online allocation	homogeneous partitioning
Exclusive Feature Learning on Arbitrary Structures via \\ell_{1, 2}-norm.
exclusive feature learning	arbitrary structures
Avoiding Discrimination through Causal Reasoning.
avoiding discrimination	causal reasoning
Factorized Latent Spaces with Structured Sparsity.
factorized latent spaces	structured sparsity
Clustering Signed Networks with the Geometric Mean of Laplacians.
clustering signed networks
Deep Recurrent Neural Network-Based Identification of Precursor microRNAs.
deep recurrent neural network-based identification	precursor micrornas
Non-Uniform Camera Shake Removal Using a Spatially-Adaptive Sparse Penalty.
non-uniform camera shake removal	spatially-adaptive sparse penalty
Multi-Task Learning for Interpretation of Brain Decoding Models.
brain decoding models	multi-task learning
Discriminative Batch Mode Active Learning.
discriminative batch mode active learning
Stochastic Convex Optimization with Multiple Objectives.
stochastic convex optimization	multiple objectives
Transfer Learning by Distribution Matching for Targeted Advertising.
targeted advertising	transfer learning	distribution matching
Successor Features for Transfer in Reinforcement Learning.
successor features	reinforcement learning
Deep Learning, Dark Knowledge, and Dark Matter.
dark matter	deep learning	dark knowledge
Efficient anomaly detection using bipartite k-NN graphs.
efficient anomaly detection	bipartite k-nn graphs
Fast and Flexible Monotonic Functions with Ensembles of Lattices.
flexible monotonic functions
A New View of Automatic Relevance Determination.
automatic relevance determination
Learning with Group Invariant Features: A Kernel Perspective.
group invariant features	kernel perspective
Exactness of Approximate MAP Inference in Continuous MRFs.
approximate map inference	continuous mrfs
Kernel Observers: Systems-Theoretic Modeling and Inference of Spatiotemporally Evolving Processes.
spatiotemporally evolving processes	kernel observers	systems-theoretic modeling
Support Vector Machine Classification with Indefinite Kernels.
support vector machine classification	indefinite kernels
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 29: Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems 2016, December 5-10, 2016, Barcelona, Spain
neural information processing systems 2016	neural information processing systems 29	annual conference	december 5-10
Near-optimal Reinforcement Learning in Factored MDPs.
near-optimal reinforcement learning	factored mdps
High resolution neural connectivity from incomplete tracing data using nonnegative spline regression.
high resolution neural connectivity	incomplete tracing data	nonnegative spline regression
Efficient Relational Learning with Hidden Variable Detection.
efficient relational learning	hidden variable detection
A Gang of Bandits.
gang
Pairwise Analysis for Longitudinal fMRI Studies.
longitudinal fmri studies	pairwise analysis
Spectral Hashing.
spectral hashing
Learning with Recursive Perceptual Representations.
recursive perceptual representations
On Quadratic Convergence of DC Proximal Newton Algorithm in Nonconvex Sparse Learning.
dc proximal newton algorithm	nonconvex sparse learning	quadratic convergence
Faster R-CNN: Towards Real-Time Object Detection with Region Proposal Networks.
real-time object detection	region proposal networks	faster r-cnn
A Complete Variational Tracker.
complete variational tracker
Multiscale Fields of Patterns.
multiscale fields
Mixed Membership Stochastic Blockmodels.
mixed membership stochastic blockmodels
Learning Horizontal Connections in a Sparse Coding Model of Natural Images.
sparse coding model	learning horizontal connections	natural images
A Polylog Pivot Steps Simplex Algorithm for Classification.
polylog pivot steps simplex algorithm
Throttling Poisson Processes.
throttling poisson processes
Multi-task Vector Field Learning.
multi-task vector field learning
Semantic Labeling of 3D Point Clouds for Indoor Scenes.
3d point clouds	semantic labeling	indoor scenes
Exploring Models and Data for Image Question Answering.
image question answering	exploring models
Large Margin Discriminant Dimensionality Reduction in Prediction Space.
large margin discriminant dimensionality reduction	prediction space
Generalizing GANs: A Turing Perspective.
turing perspective	generalizing gans
Boosting with Maximum Adaptive Sampling.
maximum adaptive sampling
Neurally Plausible Reinforcement Learning of Working Memory Tasks.
neurally plausible reinforcement learning	working memory tasks
Learning Multi-level Sparse Representations.
learning multi-level sparse representations
Variance Reduced Stochastic Gradient Descent with Neighbors.
variance reduced stochastic gradient descent
A Bayesian model for identifying hierarchically organised states in neural population activity.
identifying hierarchically organised states	neural population activity	bayesian model
Shifting Weights: Adapting Object Detectors from Image to Video.
adapting object detectors	shifting weights
Solving Random Quadratic Systems of Equations Is Nearly as Easy as Solving Linear Systems.
solving random quadratic systems	solving linear systems
Linear Contextual Bandits with Knapsacks.
linear contextual bandits
A scaled Bregman theorem with applications.
scaled bregman theorem
Approximating Hierarchical MV-sets for Hierarchical Clustering.
approximating hierarchical mv-sets	hierarchical clustering
A Comparative Study of Algorithms for Intra- and Inter-subjects fMRI Decoding.
inter-subjects fmri decoding	comparative study
Approximate inference in latent Gaussian-Markov models from continuous time observations.
latent gaussian-markov models	continuous time observations	approximate inference
Robust Regression with Twinned Gaussian Processes.
twinned gaussian processes	robust regression
Online to Offline Conversions, Universality and Adaptive Minibatch Sizes.
adaptive minibatch sizes	offline conversions
Generative Adversarial Nets.
generative adversarial nets
Discovering Potential Correlations via Hypercontractivity.
discovering potential correlations
VIME: Variational Information Maximizing Exploration.
variational information maximizing exploration
Average-case hardness of RIP certification.
average-case hardness	rip certification
Normalized Spectral Map Synchronization.
normalized spectral map synchronization
Contextual semibandits via supervised learning oracles.
supervised learning oracles	contextual semibandits
Best Response Regression.
response regression
Learning Affinity via Spatial Propagation Networks.
spatial propagation networks	learning affinity
Interpreting the neural code with Formal Concept Analysis.
formal concept analysis	neural code
Fast Learning from Non-i.i.d. Observations.
fast learning
Directed Regression.
directed regression
Privacy-Preserving Belief Propagation and Sampling.
privacy-preserving belief propagation
Noise Thresholds for Spectral Clustering.
spectral clustering	noise thresholds
Early stopping for kernel boosting algorithms: A general analysis with localized complexities.
kernel boosting algorithms	general analysis	early stopping	localized complexities
Spatial distance dependent Chinese restaurant processes for image segmentation.
spatial distance dependent chinese restaurant processes	image segmentation
Strategic Impatience in Go/NoGo versus Forced-Choice Decision-Making.
/nogo versus forced-choice decision-making	strategic impatience
Hiding Images in Plain Sight: Deep Steganography.
hiding images	deep steganography	plain sight
Hidden Common Cause Relations in Relational Learning.
relational learning	hidden common
Protein Interface Prediction using Graph Convolutional Networks.
protein interface prediction	graph convolutional networks
Towards Generalization and Simplicity in Continuous Control.
continuous control
Mortal Multi-Armed Bandits.
mortal multi-armed bandits
Synthesizing the preferred inputs for neurons in neural networks via deep generator networks.
deep generator networks	neural networks	preferred inputs
Fully Decentralized Policies for Multi-Agent Systems: An Information Theoretic Approach.
fully decentralized policies	information theoretic approach	multi-agent systems
The Expxorcist: Nonparametric Graphical Models Via Conditional Exponential Densities.
conditional exponential densities	nonparametric graphical models
Restricted Boltzmann machines modeling human choice.
restricted boltzmann machines modeling human choice
CUR from a Sparse Optimization Viewpoint.
sparse optimization viewpoint
When are Kalman-Filter Restless Bandits Indexable?
kalman-filter restless bandits indexable
Extended and Unscented Gaussian Processes.
unscented gaussian processes
Nonparametric Bayesian Models for Unsupervised Event Coreference Resolution.
unsupervised event coreference resolution	nonparametric bayesian models
A Drifting-Games Analysis for Online Learning and Applications to Boosting.
drifting-games analysis	online learning
Predicting Short-Term Cognitive Change from Longitudinal Neuroimaging Analysis.
predicting short-term cognitive change	longitudinal neuroimaging analysis
Error-Minimizing Estimates and Universal Entry-Wise Error Bounds for Low-Rank Matrix Completion.
universal entry-wise error bounds	low-rank matrix completion	error-minimizing estimates
A nonparametric variable clustering model.
nonparametric variable clustering model
Model evidence from nonequilibrium simulations.
model evidence	nonequilibrium simulations
On a Connection between Importance Sampling and the Likelihood Ratio Policy Gradient.
likelihood ratio policy gradient	importance sampling
Factoring nonnegative matrices with linear programs.
factoring nonnegative matrices	linear programs
The discriminant center-surround hypothesis for bottom-up saliency.
discriminant center-surround hypothesis
On Causal Discovery with Cyclic Additive Noise Models.
cyclic additive noise models	causal discovery
Stochastic Gradient Descent, Weighted Sampling, and the Randomized Kaczmarz algorithm.
stochastic gradient descent	randomized kaczmarz algorithm	weighted sampling
Estimating Mixture Models via Mixtures of Polynomials.
estimating mixture models
Scaling MPE Inference for Constrained Continuous Markov Random Fields with Consensus Optimization.
constrained continuous markov random fields	scaling mpe inference	consensus optimization
Data Skeletonization via Reeb Graphs.
data skeletonization	reeb graphs
A statistical model for tensor PCA.
tensor pca	statistical model
Priors over Recurrent Continuous Time Processes.
recurrent continuous time processes
Timely Object Recognition.
timely object recognition
Taming the Wild: A Unified Analysis of Hogwild-Style Algorithms.
unified analysis	hogwild-style algorithms
Hierarchical Modular Optimization of Convolutional Networks Achieves Representations Similar to Macaque IT and Human Ventral Stream.
convolutional networks achieves representations similar	human ventral stream	hierarchical modular optimization
A blind sparse deconvolution method for neural spike identification.
blind sparse deconvolution method	neural spike identification
Anomaly Detection with Score functions based on Nearest Neighbor Graphs.
nearest neighbor graphs	score functions based	anomaly detection
Regularization-Free Estimation in Trace Regression with Symmetric Positive Semidefinite Matrices.
symmetric positive semidefinite matrices	trace regression	regularization-free estimation
The Expressive Power of Neural Networks: A View from the Width.
expressive power	neural networks
Learning Supervised PageRank with Gradient-Based and Gradient-Free Optimization Methods.
gradient-free optimization methods	learning supervised pagerank
Dual Averaging Method for Regularized Stochastic Learning and Online Optimization.
dual averaging method	regularized stochastic learning	online optimization
Dynamic Pruning of Factor Graphs for Maximum Marginal Prediction.
maximum marginal prediction	dynamic pruning	factor graphs
On Explore-Then-Commit strategies.
explore-then-commit strategies
Distributed Submodular Cover: Succinctly Summarizing Massive Data.
succinctly summarizing massive data	distributed submodular cover
Stochastic Three-Composite Convex Minimization.
stochastic three-composite convex minimization
Log-normality and Skewness of Estimated State/Action Values in Reinforcement Learning.
estimated state/action values	reinforcement learning
Multi-View Learning of Word Embeddings via CCA.
multi-view learning	word embeddings
Deep Hyperspherical Learning.
deep hyperspherical learning
GP CaKe: Effective brain connectivity with causal kernels.
effective brain connectivity	gp cake	causal kernels
Learning Overcomplete HMMs.
learning overcomplete hmms
Multilabel Classification using Bayesian Compressed Sensing.
bayesian compressed sensing	multilabel classification
Estimation Bias in Multi-Armed Bandit Algorithms for Search Advertising.
multi-armed bandit algorithms	search advertising	estimation bias
Inverse Reinforcement Learning with Locally Consistent Reward Functions.
locally consistent reward functions	inverse reinforcement learning
Entangled Monte Carlo.
entangled monte carlo
Variational Inference over Combinatorial Spaces.
variational inference	combinatorial spaces
A rational model of causal inference with continuous causes.
causal inference	rational model
Stochastic optimization and sparse statistical recovery: Optimal algorithms for high dimensions.
sparse statistical recovery	stochastic optimization	optimal algorithms	high dimensions
Causal meets Submodular: Subset Selection with Directed Information.
causal meets submodular	subset selection	directed information
Unsupervised Transcription of Piano Music.
unsupervised transcription	piano music
Probabilistic Joint Image Segmentation and Labeling.
probabilistic joint image segmentation
Multi-View Perceptron: a Deep Model for Learning Face Identity and View Representations.
learning face identity	view representations	multi-view perceptron	deep model
Fast Active Set Methods for Online Spike Inference from Calcium Imaging.
fast active set methods	online spike inference	calcium imaging
Fast Rates for Bandit Optimization with Upper-Confidence Frank-Wolfe.
fast rates	bandit optimization	upper-confidence frank-wolfe
A Theory of Multiclass Boosting.
multiclass boosting
Improving on Expectation Propagation.
expectation propagation
Spike and Slab Variational Inference for Multi-Task and Multiple Kernel Learning.
multiple kernel learning	slab variational inference
On the Analysis of Multi-Channel Neural Spike Data.
multi-channel neural spike data
Transfer Learning using Kolmogorov Complexity: Basic Theory and Empirical Evaluations.
empirical evaluations	kolmogorov complexity	transfer learning	basic theory
Probing the Compositionality of Intuitive Functions.
intuitive functions
Multi-class SVMs: From Tighter Data-Dependent Generalization Bounds to Novel Algorithms.
tighter data-dependent generalization bounds	multi-class svms
A Gaussian Tree Approximation for Integer Least-Squares.
gaussian tree approximation	integer least-squares
Local Aggregative Games.
local aggregative games
Structure estimation for discrete graphical models: Generalized covariance matrices and their inverses.
discrete graphical models	generalized covariance matrices	structure estimation
Compressive spectral embedding: sidestepping the SVD.
compressive spectral embedding
Maximum likelihood trajectories for continuous-time Markov chains.
maximum likelihood trajectories	continuous-time markov chains
Phoneme Recognition with Large Hierarchical Reservoirs.
large hierarchical reservoirs	phoneme recognition
The Randomized Dependence Coefficient.
randomized dependence coefficient
Global Ranking Using Continuous Conditional Random Fields.
continuous conditional random fields	global ranking
Online Convex Optimization with Unconstrained Domains and Losses.
online convex optimization	unconstrained domains
Cluster Trees on Manifolds.
cluster trees
Subsampled Power Iteration: a Unified Algorithm for Block Models and Planted CSP's.
subsampled power iteration	unified algorithm	planted csp	block models
A Statistical Decision-Theoretic Framework for Social Choice.
statistical decision-theoretic framework	social choice
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 19, Proceedings of the Twentieth Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, December 4-7, 2006
neural information processing systems 19	neural information processing systems	twentieth annual conference	british columbia	december 4-7
Affine-Invariant Online Optimization and the Low-rank Experts Problem.
low-rank experts problem	affine-invariant online optimization
Predicting Organic Reaction Outcomes with Weisfeiler-Lehman Network.
predicting organic reaction outcomes	weisfeiler-lehman network
Machine Learning and Interpretation in Neuroimaging - International Workshop, MLINI 2011, Held at NIPS 2011, Sierra Nevada, Spain, December 16-17, 2011, Revised Selected and Invited Contributions
sierra nevada	december 16-17	revised selected	machine learning	invited contributions	international workshop
Learning structured densities via infinite dimensional exponential families.
infinite dimensional exponential families	learning structured densities
Synthesizing Robust Plans under Incomplete Domain Models.
synthesizing robust plans	incomplete domain models
Robust Optimization for Non-Convex Objectives.
robust optimization	non-convex objectives
On Decomposing the Proximal Map.
proximal map
Learning from the Wisdom of Crowds by Minimax Entropy.
minimax entropy
Learning Distributed Representations for Structured Output Prediction.
learning distributed representations	structured output prediction
Improved Techniques for Training GANs.
improved techniques	training gans
Min-Max Propagation.
min-max propagation
Scan Strategies for Meteorological Radars.
scan strategies	meteorological radars
Rates of Convergence for Nearest Neighbor Classification.
nearest neighbor classification
Unifying Count-Based Exploration and Intrinsic Motivation.
unifying count-based exploration	intrinsic motivation
GP Kernels for Cross-Spectrum Analysis.
gp kernels	cross-spectrum analysis
Unbounded cache model for online language modeling with open vocabulary.
online language modeling	unbounded cache model	open vocabulary
Structured Learning of Gaussian Graphical Models.
gaussian graphical models	structured learning
Priors for Diversity in Generative Latent Variable Models.
generative latent variable models
Bandits with Unobserved Confounders: A Causal Approach.
causal approach	unobserved confounders
The Power of Adaptivity in Identifying Statistical Alternatives.
identifying statistical alternatives
Fitted Q-iteration by Advantage Weighted Regression.
advantage weighted regression	fitted q-iteration
A Conditional Multinomial Mixture Model for Superset Label Learning.
conditional multinomial mixture model	superset label learning
Agreement-Based Learning.
agreement-based learning
Semi-supervised Convolutional Neural Networks for Text Categorization via Region Embedding.
semi-supervised convolutional neural networks	region embedding	text categorization
Bootstrapping from Game Tree Search.
game tree search
Robust Hypothesis Test for Nonlinear Effect with Gaussian Processes.
robust hypothesis test	gaussian processes	nonlinear effect
Weighted Theta Functions and Embeddings with Applications to Max-Cut, Clustering and Summarization.
weighted theta functions
How memory biases affect information transmission: A rational analysis of serial reproduction.
memory biases affect information transmission	rational analysis	serial reproduction
Recurrent Models of Visual Attention.
recurrent models	visual attention
Augur: Data-Parallel Probabilistic Modeling.
data-parallel probabilistic modeling
Symbolic Dynamic Programming for Continuous State and Observation POMDPs.
symbolic dynamic programming	observation pomdps	continuous state
Basis Construction from Power Series Expansions of Value Functions.
power series expansions	basis construction
Unsupervised Detection of Regions of Interest Using Iterative Link Analysis.
iterative link analysis	unsupervised detection
RAAM: The Benefits of Robustness in Approximating Aggregated MDPs in Reinforcement Learning.
approximating aggregated mdps	reinforcement learning
(Nearly) Optimal Algorithms for Private Online Learning in Full-information and Bandit Settings.
private online learning	optimal algorithms	bandit settings
Variational bounds for mixed-data factor analysis.
mixed-data factor analysis	variational bounds
Stochastic Gradient Geodesic MCMC Methods.
stochastic gradient geodesic mcmc methods
Scalable nonconvex inexact proximal splitting.
scalable nonconvex inexact proximal splitting
Online combinatorial optimization with stochastic decision sets and adversarial losses.
stochastic decision sets	online combinatorial optimization	adversarial losses
Improved Training of Wasserstein GANs.
wasserstein gans	improved training
Differentiable Sparse Coding.
differentiable sparse coding
Learning Visual Attributes.
learning visual attributes
Robust Kernel Principal Component Analysis.
robust kernel principal component analysis
Theoretical Comparisons of Positive-Unlabeled Learning against Positive-Negative Learning.
theoretical comparisons	positive-unlabeled learning	positive-negative learning
Tensor Switching Networks.
tensor switching networks
Robust Tensor Decomposition with Gross Corruption.
robust tensor decomposition	gross corruption
An Analysis of Inference with the Universum.
inference
Estimation of Renyi Entropy and Mutual Information Based on Generalized Nearest-Neighbor Graphs.
generalized nearest-neighbor graphs	mutual information based	renyi entropy
Adaptive Learning of Smoothing Functions: Application to Electricity Load Forecasting.
electricity load forecasting	smoothing functions	adaptive learning
Compression-aware Training of Deep Networks.
compression-aware training	deep networks
Variational Gaussian Process State-Space Models.
variational gaussian process state-space models
An Oblique Approach to Prediction of Conversion to Alzheimer's Disease with Multikernel Gaussian Processes.
multikernel gaussian processes	oblique approach
AUC optimization and the two-sample problem.
auc optimization	two-sample problem
A Non-parametric Learning Method for Confidently Estimating Patient's Clinical State and Dynamics.
confidently estimating patient	non-parametric learning method	clinical state
A Theory of Decision Making Under Dynamic Context.
dynamic context	decision making
Clustering Stable Instances of Euclidean k-means.
clustering stable instances	euclidean k-means
Residual Networks Behave Like Ensembles of Relatively Shallow Networks.
residual networks behave	shallow networks
Structured Determinantal Point Processes.
structured determinantal point processes
Expectation-Maximization for Learning Determinantal Point Processes.
learning determinantal point processes
A class of network models recoverable by spectral clustering.
network models recoverable	spectral clustering
Link Prediction in Graphs with Autoregressive Features.
link prediction	autoregressive features
Nearly Isometric Embedding by Relaxation.
isometric embedding
Sharpness, Restart and Acceleration.
acceleration
What-If Reasoning using Counterfactual Gaussian Processes.
counterfactual gaussian processes
More data means less inference: A pseudo-max approach to structured learning.
data means	structured learning	pseudo-max approach
Bayesian Bias Mitigation for Crowdsourcing.
bayesian bias mitigation
Exploiting spatial overlap to efficiently compute appearance distances between image windows.
efficiently compute appearance distances	exploiting spatial overlap	image windows
Estimating image bases for visual image reconstruction from human brain activity.
estimating image bases	human brain activity	visual image reconstruction
Variational Dropout and the Local Reparameterization Trick.
local reparameterization trick	variational dropout
Automated Speech Analysis for Psychosis Evaluation.
automated speech analysis	psychosis evaluation
A Polynomial-time Form of Robust Regression.
robust regression	polynomial-time form
Causal discovery in multiple models from different experiments.
causal discovery	multiple models
A Divide-and-Conquer Method for Sparse Inverse Covariance Estimation.
sparse inverse covariance estimation	divide-and-conquer method
Budgeted Optimization with Concurrent Stochastic-Duration Experiments.
concurrent stochastic-duration experiments	budgeted optimization
Differentially private Bayesian learning on distributed data.
differentially private bayesian learning	distributed data
Efficient Second Order Online Learning by Sketching.
order online learning
Meta-Gaussian Information Bottleneck.
meta-gaussian information bottleneck
The Numerics of GANs.
numerics
Variational Memory Addressing in Generative Models.
variational memory addressing	generative models
The Pareto Regret Frontier.
pareto regret frontier
ICA based on a Smooth Estimation of the Differential Entropy.
differential entropy	ica based	smooth estimation
Learning Sensor Multiplexing Design through Back-propagation.
learning sensor multiplexing design
Communication-Efficient Distributed Learning of Discrete Distributions.
communication-efficient distributed learning	discrete distributions
Precision-Recall-Gain Curves: PR Analysis Done Right.
pr analysis	precision-recall-gain curves
A New Convex Relaxation for Tensor Completion.
tensor completion	convex relaxation
Clone MCMC: Parallel High-Dimensional Gaussian Gibbs Sampling.
parallel high-dimensional gaussian gibbs sampling	clone mcmc
Local Linear Convergence of Forward-Backward under Partial Smoothness.
local linear convergence	partial smoothness
Gradient Estimation Using Stochastic Computation Graphs.
stochastic computation graphs	gradient estimation
Constrained convex minimization via model-based excessive gap.
model-based excessive gap	constrained convex minimization
Noise-Enhanced Associative Memories.
noise-enhanced associative memories
Modulating early visual processing by language.
modulating early visual processing
Computational and Statistical Tradeoffs in Learning to Rank.
statistical tradeoffs
Catching heuristics are optimal control policies.
optimal control policies	catching heuristics
Probabilistic Principal Geodesic Analysis.
probabilistic principal geodesic analysis
Spatiotemporal Feature Extraction with Data-Driven Koopman Operators.
data-driven koopman operators	spatiotemporal feature extraction
Prismatic Algorithm for Discrete D.C. Programming Problem.
prismatic algorithm	programming problem
Structure Learning in Human Sequential Decision-Making.
human sequential decision-making	structure learning
Single Pass PCA of Matrix Products.
single pass pca	matrix products
Barrier Frank-Wolfe for Marginal Inference.
marginal inference	barrier frank-wolfe
Non-parametric Regression Between Manifolds.
non-parametric regression
Link Discovery using Graph Feature Tracking.
graph feature tracking	link discovery
Hierarchical spike coding of sound.
hierarchical spike coding
PAC-Bayesian AUC classification and scoring.
pac-bayesian auc classification
Bayesian nonparametric models for bipartite graphs.
bayesian nonparametric models	bipartite graphs
Supervised Exponential Family Principal Component Analysis via Convex Optimization.
supervised exponential family principal component analysis	convex optimization
On Learning Discrete Graphical Models using Greedy Methods.
learning discrete graphical models	greedy methods
Bidirectional Recurrent Neural Networks as Generative Models.
bidirectional recurrent neural networks	generative models
VAIN: Attentional Multi-agent Predictive Modeling.
attentional multi-agent predictive modeling
Learning Mixed Multinomial Logit Model from Ordinal Data.
learning mixed multinomial logit model	ordinal data
Thinning Measurement Models and Questionnaire Design.
thinning measurement models	questionnaire design
Learning a Metric Embedding for Face Recognition using the Multibatch Method.
face recognition	metric embedding	multibatch method
End-to-end Learning of LDA by Mirror-Descent Back Propagation over a Deep Architecture.
mirror-descent back propagation	end-to-end learning	deep architecture
Time-dependent spatially varying graphical models, with application to brain fMRI data analysis.
time-dependent spatially varying graphical models	brain fmri data analysis
Regularized Nonlinear Acceleration.
regularized nonlinear acceleration
Coresets for k-Segmentation of Streaming Data.
streaming data
Stochastic Ratio Matching of RBMs for Sparse High-Dimensional Inputs.
sparse high-dimensional inputs	stochastic ratio matching
Embed to Control: A Locally Linear Latent Dynamics Model for Control from Raw Images.
locally linear latent dynamics model	raw images
On some provably correct cases of variational inference for topic models.
provably correct cases	variational inference	topic models
Dimension-Free Exponentiated Gradient.
dimension-free exponentiated gradient
Confidence Intervals and Hypothesis Testing for High-Dimensional Statistical Models.
high-dimensional statistical models	hypothesis testing	confidence intervals
t-divergence Based Approximate Inference.
t-divergence based approximate inference
On the Generalization Ability of Online Strongly Convex Programming Algorithms.
online strongly convex programming algorithms	generalization ability
Single-Image Depth Perception in the Wild.
single-image depth perception
Beyond Convexity: Stochastic Quasi-Convex Optimization.
stochastic quasi-convex optimization
Learning to Agglomerate Superpixel Hierarchies.
agglomerate superpixel hierarchies
Local Supervised Learning through Space Partitioning.
local supervised learning	space partitioning
Structured Learning via Logistic Regression.
logistic regression	structured learning
Convolutional LSTM Network: A Machine Learning Approach for Precipitation Nowcasting.
convolutional lstm network	machine learning approach	precipitation nowcasting
Iterative Learning for Reliable Crowdsourcing Systems.
reliable crowdsourcing systems	iterative learning
Angular Quantization-based Binary Codes for Fast Similarity Search.
angular quantization-based binary codes	fast similarity search
Reducing statistical time-series problems to binary classification.
reducing statistical time-series problems	binary classification
Doubly Accelerated Stochastic Variance Reduced Dual Averaging Method for Regularized Empirical Risk Minimization.
doubly accelerated stochastic variance reduced dual averaging method	regularized empirical risk minimization
Convex Calibrated Surrogates for Low-Rank Loss Matrices with Applications to Subset Ranking Losses.
subset ranking losses	convex calibrated surrogates	low-rank loss matrices
Online Metric Learning and Fast Similarity Search.
online metric learning	fast similarity search
Nonparametric Reduced Rank Regression.
nonparametric reduced rank regression
Online Influence Maximization under Independent Cascade Model with Semi-Bandit Feedback.
online influence maximization	independent cascade model	semi-bandit feedback
A Probabilistic Approach to Language Change.
probabilistic approach	language change
Graph Matching via Multiplicative Update Algorithm.
multiplicative update algorithm	graph matching
Catching Change-points with Lasso.
catching change-points
Learning Sparse Representations of High Dimensional Data on Large Scale Dictionaries.
high dimensional data	large scale dictionaries	learning sparse representations
Manifold-based Similarity Adaptation for Label Propagation.
manifold-based similarity adaptation	label propagation
Efficient Principled Learning of Thin Junction Trees.
efficient principled learning	thin junction trees
CPRL -- An Extension of Compressive Sensing to the Phase Retrieval Problem.
phase retrieval problem	cprl --	compressive sensing
First-Order Adaptive Sample Size Methods to Reduce Complexity of Empirical Risk Minimization.
first-order adaptive sample size methods	empirical risk minimization	reduce complexity
Directed Graph Embedding: an Algorithm based on Continuous Limits of Laplacian-type Operators.
directed graph embedding	laplacian-type operators	algorithm based	continuous limits
Using matrices to model symbolic relationship.
model symbolic relationship
Discrete MDL Predicts in Total Variation.
discrete mdl predicts	total variation
Learning to See Physics via Visual De-animation.
visual de-animation
Spectral Learning of Mixture of Hidden Markov Models.
hidden markov models	spectral learning
Scalable kernels for graphs with continuous attributes.
scalable kernels	continuous attributes
Variational Laws of Visual Attention for Dynamic Scenes.
variational laws	dynamic scenes	visual attention
Communication-Efficient Algorithms for Statistical Optimization.
statistical optimization	communication-efficient algorithms
Cyclizing Clusters via Zeta Function of a Graph.
cyclizing clusters	zeta function
Matrix Completion with Noisy Side Information.
noisy side information	matrix completion
Optimal Architectures in a Solvable Model of Deep Networks.
solvable model	deep networks	optimal architectures
Inductive reasoning about chimeric creatures.
chimeric creatures	inductive reasoning
Efficient Approximation Algorithms for Strings Kernel Based Sequence Classification.
strings kernel based sequence classification	efficient approximation algorithms
Multimodal Residual Learning for Visual QA.
multimodal residual learning	visual qa
Dual Decomposed Learning with Factorwise Oracle for Structural SVM of Large Output Domain.
large output domain	dual decomposed learning	factorwise oracle	structural svm
Multi-View Decision Processes: The Helper-AI Problem.
multi-view decision processes	helper-ai problem
Adaptive stimulus selection for optimizing neural population responses.
optimizing neural population responses	adaptive stimulus selection
Generalized Denoising Auto-Encoders as Generative Models.
generalized denoising auto-encoders	generative models
REBAR: Low-variance, unbiased gradient estimates for discrete latent variable models.
discrete latent variable models	unbiased gradient estimates
A Bayesian LDA-based model for semi-supervised part-of-speech tagging.
bayesian lda-based model	semi-supervised part-of-speech tagging
Temporal Regularized Matrix Factorization for High-dimensional Time Series Prediction.
temporal regularized matrix factorization	high-dimensional time series prediction
Convergence Rates of Active Learning for Maximum Likelihood Estimation.
maximum likelihood estimation	convergence rates	active learning
Heavy-tailed Distances for Gradient Based Image Descriptors.
gradient based image descriptors	heavy-tailed distances
An LP View of the M-best MAP problem.
lp view	map problem
A Unifying Perspective of Parametric Policy Search Methods for Markov Decision Processes.
parametric policy search methods	markov decision processes	unifying perspective
Generalization of ERM in Stochastic Convex Optimization: The Dimension Strikes Back.
dimension strikes back	stochastic convex optimization
DECOrrelated feature space partitioning for distributed sparse regression.
decorrelated feature space partitioning	distributed sparse regression
Fast and Scalable Training of Semi-Supervised CRFs with Application to Activity Recognition.
activity recognition	scalable training	semi-supervised crfs
Learnable Visual Markers.
learnable visual markers
Yggdrasil: An Optimized System for Training Deep Decision Trees at Scale.
training deep decision trees	optimized system
Learning spatiotemporal piecewise-geodesic trajectories from longitudinal manifold-valued data.
learning spatiotemporal piecewise-geodesic trajectories	longitudinal manifold-valued data
Tree-Structured Composition in Neural Networks without Tree-Structured Architectures.
tree-structured composition	tree-structured architectures	neural networks
A Denoising View of Matrix Completion.
denoising view	matrix completion
A PAC-Bayesian Analysis of Randomized Learning with Application to Stochastic Gradient Descent.
stochastic gradient descent	pac-bayesian analysis	randomized learning
Learning Brain Connectivity of Alzheimer's Disease from Neuroimaging Data.
learning brain connectivity	neuroimaging data
The Neural Hawkes Process: A Neurally Self-Modulating Multivariate Point Process.
neurally self-modulating multivariate point process	neural hawkes process
Combining Low-Density Separators with CNNs.
combining low-density separators
Learning Structured Sparsity in Deep Neural Networks.
learning structured sparsity	deep neural networks
Interpretable Nonlinear Dynamic Modeling of Neural Trajectories.
interpretable nonlinear dynamic modeling	neural trajectories
The representer theorem for Hilbert spaces: a necessary and sufficient condition.
hilbert spaces	representer theorem	sufficient condition
Temporal Difference Updating without a Learning Rate.
temporal difference updating	learning rate
Perceptron Learning of SAT.
perceptron learning
Principal Geodesic Analysis for Probability Measures under the Optimal Transport Metric.
principal geodesic analysis	optimal transport metric	probability measures
Newton-Like Methods for Sparse Inverse Covariance Estimation.
sparse inverse covariance estimation
Identifying Patients at Risk of Major Adverse Cardiovascular Events Using Symbolic Mismatch.
major adverse cardiovascular events	symbolic mismatch	identifying patients
Unsupervised Domain Adaptation with Residual Transfer Networks.
residual transfer networks	unsupervised domain adaptation
Efficient Convex Relaxation for Transductive Support Vector Machine.
transductive support vector machine	efficient convex relaxation
Hashing Hyperplane Queries to Near Points with Applications to Large-Scale Active Learning.
hashing hyperplane queries	large-scale active learning
More data speeds up training time in learning halfspaces over sparse vectors.
sparse vectors	data speeds	training time	learning halfspaces
Testing for Differences in Gaussian Graphical Models: Applications to Brain Connectivity.
gaussian graphical models	brain connectivity
MetaGrad: Multiple Learning Rates in Online Learning.
multiple learning rates	online learning
Dropout Training as Adaptive Regularization.
dropout training	adaptive regularization
Select and Sample - A Model of Efficient Neural Inference and Learning.
efficient neural inference
Learning to Prune in Metric and Non-Metric Spaces.
non-metric spaces
Efficient Match Kernel between Sets of Features for Visual Recognition.
efficient match kernel	visual recognition
Adaptive Neural Compilation.
adaptive neural compilation
Unlabeled data: Now it helps, now it doesn't.
unlabeled data
Retrieved context and the discovery of semantic structure.
retrieved context	semantic structure
Fitted Q-iteration in continuous action-space MDPs.
continuous action-space mdps	fitted q-iteration
Submodular Multi-Label Learning.
submodular multi-label learning
Direct 0-1 Loss Minimization and Margin Maximization with Boosting.
direct 0-1 loss minimization	margin maximization
Bayesian Experimental Design of Magnetic Resonance Imaging Sequences.
magnetic resonance imaging sequences	bayesian experimental design
Active Learning for Probabilistic Hypotheses Using the Maximum Gibbs Error Criterion.
maximum gibbs error criterion	probabilistic hypotheses	active learning
Adaptive Smoothed Online Multi-Task Learning.
adaptive smoothed online multi-task learning
When are Overcomplete Topic Models Identifiable? Uniqueness of Tensor Tucker Decompositions with Structured Sparsity.
overcomplete topic models identifiable	tensor tucker decompositions	structured sparsity
Measuring Invariances in Deep Networks.
measuring invariances	deep networks
Spectral Representations for Convolutional Neural Networks.
convolutional neural networks	spectral representations
Clustered Multi-Task Learning Via Alternating Structure Optimization.
clustered multi-task learning	alternating structure optimization
Complexity of Decentralized Control: Special Cases.
special cases	decentralized control
Aggressive Sampling for Multi-class to Binary Reduction with Applications to Text Classification.
binary reduction	aggressive sampling	text classification
Multiplicative Forests for Continuous-Time Processes.
multiplicative forests	continuous-time processes
Theory and Algorithms for the Localized Setting of Learning Kernels.
learning kernels	localized setting
Testing a Bayesian Measure of Representativeness Using a Large Image Database.
large image database	bayesian measure
Beyond Novelty Detection: Incongruent Events, when General and Specific Classifiers Disagree.
specific classifiers disagree	incongruent events	novelty detection
Generalizing from Several Related Classification Tasks to a New Unlabeled Sample.
related classification tasks	unlabeled sample
Optimal Cluster Recovery in the Labeled Stochastic Block Model.
labeled stochastic block model	optimal cluster recovery
Fundamental Limits of Online and Distributed Algorithms for Statistical Learning and Estimation.
distributed algorithms	fundamental limits	statistical learning
Searchlight Based Feature Extraction.
searchlight based feature extraction
Trace Lasso: a trace norm regularization for correlated designs.
trace norm regularization	trace lasso	correlated designs
Constant Nullspace Strong Convexity and Fast Convergence of Proximal Methods under High-Dimensional Settings.
constant nullspace strong convexity	proximal methods	fast convergence	high-dimensional settings
Collaborative Filtering with Graph Information: Consistency and Scalable Methods.
scalable methods	collaborative filtering	graph information
Beyond Pairwise: Provably Fast Algorithms for Approximate k-Way Similarity Search.
provably fast algorithms	similarity search	approximate k-
Differentially Private M-Estimators.
differentially private m-estimators
Parallel Successive Convex Approximation for Nonsmooth Nonconvex Optimization.
parallel successive convex approximation	nonsmooth nonconvex optimization
Approximating Equilibria in Sequential Auctions with Incomplete Information and Multi-Unit Demand.
incomplete information	approximating equilibria	multi-unit demand	sequential auctions
Scheduled Sampling for Sequence Prediction with Recurrent Neural Networks.
recurrent neural networks	sequence prediction	scheduled sampling
Hardness of parameter estimation in graphical models.
graphical models	parameter estimation
Adaptive Hedge.
adaptive hedge
Learning Populations of Parameters.
learning populations
A Structural Smoothing Framework For Robust Graph Comparison.
structural smoothing framework	robust graph comparison
Adaptive Active Hypothesis Testing under Limited Information.
adaptive active hypothesis testing	limited information
Combinatorial semi-bandit with known covariance.
combinatorial semi-bandit
Distributed Exploration in Multi-Armed Bandits.
multi-armed bandits	distributed exploration
Question Asking as Program Generation.
program generation
Relax and Randomize : From Value to Algorithms.
algorithms
A Stability-based Validation Procedure for Differentially Private Machine Learning.
differentially private machine learning	stability-based validation procedure
Phone Recognition with the Mean-Covariance Restricted Boltzmann Machine.
mean-covariance restricted boltzmann machine	phone recognition
3D Object Proposals for Accurate Object Class Detection.
accurate object class detection	3d object proposals
On Herding and the Perceptron Cycling Theorem.
perceptron cycling theorem
Visual Recognition using Embedded Feature Selection for Curvature Self-Similarity.
embedded feature selection	curvature self-similarity	visual recognition
Higher Order Priors for Joint Intrinsic Image, Objects, and Attributes Estimation.
higher order priors	joint intrinsic image	attributes estimation
Local Minimax Complexity of Stochastic Convex Optimization.
local minimax complexity	stochastic convex optimization
On the relations of LFPs & Neural Spike Trains.
lfps & neural spike trains
Sensor Selection in High-Dimensional Gaussian Trees with Nuisances.
high-dimensional gaussian trees	sensor selection
The Multiscale Laplacian Graph Kernel.
multiscale laplacian graph kernel
Statistical Learning for Resting-State fMRI: Successes and Challenges.
resting-state fmri	statistical learning
Large-scale probabilistic predictors with and without guarantees of validity.
large-scale probabilistic predictors
Online Submodular Set Cover, Ranking, and Repeated Active Learning.
online submodular set cover	repeated active learning
Composite Multiclass Losses.
composite multiclass losses
Sparse Feature Learning for Deep Belief Networks.
sparse feature learning	deep belief networks
Learning in Games: Robustness of Fast Convergence.
fast convergence
Preference Completion from Partial Rankings.
partial rankings	preference completion
Statistical Analysis of Semi-Supervised Learning: The Limit of Infinite Unlabelled Data.
infinite unlabelled data	semi-supervised learning	statistical analysis
Autonomous Learning of Action Models for Planning.
autonomous learning	action models
Modeling Natural Sounds with Modulation Cascade Processes.
modeling natural sounds	modulation cascade processes
Learning invariant features using the Transformed Indian Buffet Process.
transformed indian buffet process	learning invariant features
Aggregating Optimistic Planning Trees for Solving Markov Decision Processes.
solving markov decision processes	aggregating optimistic planning trees
Clustered Multi-Task Learning: A Convex Formulation.
clustered multi-task learning	convex formulation
Differentially Private Learning of Structured Discrete Distributions.
structured discrete distributions	differentially private learning
An Autoencoder Approach to Learning Bilingual Word Representations.
learning bilingual word representations	autoencoder approach
Evaluating the statistical significance of biclusters.
statistical significance
On Sampling from the Gibbs Distribution with Random Maximum A-Posteriori Perturbations.
random maximum a-posteriori perturbations	gibbs distribution
Discovering Structure in High-Dimensional Data Through Correlation Explanation.
correlation explanation	discovering structure	high-dimensional data
The Pareto Regret Frontier for Bandits.
pareto regret frontier
Visual Question Answering with Question Representation Update (QRU).
question representation update	visual question answering
Efficient Globally Convergent Stochastic Optimization for Canonical Correlation Analysis.
efficient globally convergent stochastic optimization	canonical correlation analysis
Feature Construction for Inverse Reinforcement Learning.
inverse reinforcement learning	feature construction
Non-parametric Approximate Dynamic Programming via the Kernel Method.
non-parametric approximate dynamic programming	kernel method
Temporal Coherency based Criteria for Predicting Video Frames using Deep Multi-stage Generative Adversarial Networks.
deep multi-stage generative adversarial networks	temporal coherency based criteria	predicting video frames
Action Centered Contextual Bandits.
action centered contextual bandits
Deep Temporal Sigmoid Belief Networks for Sequence Modeling.
deep temporal sigmoid belief networks	sequence modeling
Learning under uncertainty: a comparison between R-W and Bayesian approach.
bayesian approach
Nonparametric Greedy Algorithms for the Sparse Learning Problem.
sparse learning problem	nonparametric greedy algorithms
Identifying graph-structured activation patterns in networks.
identifying graph-structured activation patterns
Hardness of Online Sleeping Combinatorial Optimization Problems.
online sleeping combinatorial optimization problems
A Recurrent Latent Variable Model for Sequential Data.
recurrent latent variable model	sequential data
Extended Bayesian Information Criteria for Gaussian Graphical Models.
extended bayesian information criteria	gaussian graphical models
Random Sampling of States in Dynamic Programming.
dynamic programming	random sampling
Universal Correspondence Network.
universal correspondence network
A Wild Bootstrap for Degenerate Kernel Tests.
degenerate kernel tests	wild bootstrap
Homotopy Smoothing for Non-Smooth Problems with Lower Complexity than O(1/\\epsilon).
homotopy smoothing	non-smooth problems	lower complexity
Disease Trajectory Maps.
disease trajectory maps
Community Detection via Measure Space Embedding.
measure space embedding	community detection
Gaussian process modulated renewal processes.
gaussian process modulated renewal processes
On Algorithms for Sparse Multi-factor NMF.
sparse multi-factor nmf
Loop Series and Bethe Variational Bounds in Attractive Graphical Models.
bethe variational bounds	attractive graphical models	loop series
Bayesian Spike-Triggered Covariance Analysis.
bayesian spike-triggered covariance analysis
Spectral Regularization for Support Estimation.
support estimation	spectral regularization
Character-level Convolutional Networks for Text Classification.
character-level convolutional networks	text classification
Weakly-supervised Disentangling with Recurrent Transformations for 3D View Synthesis.
3d view synthesis	recurrent transformations	weakly-supervised disentangling
Predicting Parameters in Deep Learning.
deep learning	predicting parameters
Active Learning by Querying Informative and Representative Examples.
querying informative	representative examples	active learning
Mandatory Leaf Node Prediction in Hierarchical Multilabel Classification.
mandatory leaf node prediction	hierarchical multilabel classification
An Error Detection and Correction Framework for Connectomics.
error detection	correction framework
Convergence and Energy Landscape for Cheeger Cut Clustering.
cheeger cut clustering	energy landscape
Zero-shot recognition with unreliable attributes.
zero-shot recognition	unreliable attributes
Minimizing a Submodular Function from Samples.
submodular function
The Infinite Hierarchical Factor Regression Model.
infinite hierarchical factor regression model
Adaptive Bayesian Sampling with Monte Carlo EM.
monte carlo em	adaptive bayesian sampling
Differentiable Learning of Submodular Functions.
differentiable learning	submodular functions
Estimating Jaccard Index with Missing Observations: A Matrix Calibration Approach.
estimating jaccard index	matrix calibration approach	missing observations
Feedforward Learning of Mixture Models.
mixture models	feedforward learning
Streaming, Distributed Variational Inference for Bayesian Nonparametrics.
distributed variational inference	bayesian nonparametrics
The Usefulness of Past Knowledge when Learning a New Task in Deep Neural Networks.
deep neural networks	past knowledge
On clustering network-valued data.
clustering network-valued data
Cross-Spectral Factor Analysis.
cross-spectral factor analysis
Error Analysis of Generalized Nyström Kernel Regression.
kernel regression	generalized nyströ	error analysis
A Dirichlet Mixture Model of Hawkes Processes for Event Sequence Clustering.
dirichlet mixture model	event sequence clustering	hawkes processes
Adversarial Multiclass Classification: A Risk Minimization Perspective.
risk minimization perspective	adversarial multiclass classification
Statistical Analysis of Semi-Supervised Regression.
semi-supervised regression	statistical analysis
Deep Submodular Functions: Definitions and Learning.
deep submodular functions
A Probabilistic Framework for Nonlinearities in Stochastic Neural Networks.
stochastic neural networks	probabilistic framework
On Computational Power and the Order-Chaos Phase Transition in Reservoir Computing.
order-chaos phase transition	reservoir computing	computational power
On Optimal Generalizability in Parametric Learning.
parametric learning	optimal generalizability
Nonparametric regression and classification with joint sparsity constraints.
joint sparsity constraints	nonparametric regression
Visual Reference Resolution using Attention Memory for Visual Dialog.
visual reference resolution	visual dialog	attention memory
Nearest-Neighbor Sample Compression: Efficiency, Consistency, Infinite Dimensions.
nearest-neighbor sample compression	infinite dimensions
Learning Theory and Algorithms for Forecasting Non-stationary Time Series.
forecasting non-stationary time series	learning theory
Communication-Efficient Distributed Dual Coordinate Ascent.
communication-efficient distributed dual coordinate ascent
Dimensionality Reduction for Data in Multiple Feature Representations.
multiple feature representations	dimensionality reduction
ShareBoost: Efficient multiclass learning with feature sharing.
efficient multiclass learning	feature sharing
Semi-supervised Learning with Weakly-Related Unlabeled Data: Towards Better Text Categorization.
weakly-related unlabeled data	semi-supervised learning	text categorization
Dualing GANs.
dualing gans
Variational Inference for Gaussian Process Models with Linear Complexity.
gaussian process models	variational inference	linear complexity
Higgs Boson Discovery with Boosted Trees.
higgs boson discovery	boosted trees
Near-Maximum Entropy Models for Binary Neural Representations of Natural Images.
binary neural representations	near-maximum entropy models	natural images
Learning the Number of Neurons in Deep Networks.
deep networks
Smooth Primal-Dual Coordinate Descent Algorithms for Nonsmooth Convex Optimization.
smooth primal-dual coordinate descent algorithms	nonsmooth convex optimization
Blind Attacks on Machine Learners.
blind attacks	machine learners
Selective Labeling via Error Bound Minimization.
error bound minimization	selective labeling
On U-processes and clustering performance.
clustering performance
Bayesian entropy estimation for binary spike train data using parametric prior knowledge.
binary spike train data	bayesian entropy estimation	parametric prior knowledge
Evaluating neuronal codes for inference using Fisher information.
evaluating neuronal codes	fisher information
Convergence of Monte Carlo Tree Search in Simultaneous Move Games.
monte carlo tree search	simultaneous move games
LightGBM: A Highly Efficient Gradient Boosting Decision Tree.
highly efficient gradient boosting decision tree
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 20, Proceedings of the Twenty-First Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, December 3-6, 2007
neural information processing systems 20	neural information processing systems	annual conference	british columbia	december 3-6
Accelerated Adaptive Markov Chain for Partition Function Computation.
accelerated adaptive markov chain	partition function computation
Extremal Mechanisms for Local Differential Privacy.
local differential privacy	extremal mechanisms
Online Decision-Making in General Combinatorial Spaces.
general combinatorial spaces	online decision-making
Blind channel identification for speech dereverberation using l1-norm sparse learning.
l1-norm sparse learning	blind channel identification	speech dereverberation
Kernel Choice and Classifiability for RKHS Embeddings of Probability Distributions.
kernel choice	rkhs embeddings	probability distributions
Toward Robustness against Label Noise in Training Deep Discriminative Neural Networks.
training deep discriminative neural networks	label noise
Bregman Divergence for Stochastic Variance Reduction: Saddle-Point and Adversarial Prediction.
stochastic variance reduction	bregman divergence	adversarial prediction
EX2: Exploration with Exemplar Models for Deep Reinforcement Learning.
deep reinforcement learning	exemplar models
Linearly constrained Gaussian processes.
linearly constrained gaussian processes
Grouping-Based Low-Rank Trajectory Completion and 3D Reconstruction.
grouping-based low-rank trajectory completion	3d reconstruction
Dip-means: an incremental clustering method for estimating the number of clusters.
incremental clustering method
Agnostic Active Learning Without Constraints.
agnostic active learning
Compatible Reward Inverse Reinforcement Learning.
compatible reward inverse reinforcement learning
On fast approximate submodular minimization.
fast approximate submodular minimization
Sparse probabilistic projections.
sparse probabilistic projections
Streaming Pointwise Mutual Information.
streaming pointwise mutual information
Similarity Component Analysis.
similarity component analysis
Few-Shot Adversarial Domain Adaptation.
few-shot adversarial domain adaptation
A POMDP Extension with Belief-dependent Rewards.
belief-dependent rewards	pomdp extension
Scalable Training of Mixture Models via Coresets.
mixture models	scalable training
Learning to Prune Deep Neural Networks via Layer-wise Optimal Brain Surgeon.
prune deep neural networks	layer-wise optimal brain surgeon
Model-based Reinforcement Learning and the Eluder Dimension.
model-based reinforcement learning	eluder dimension
Inferring Neural Firing Rates from Spike Trains Using Gaussian Processes.
inferring neural firing rates	gaussian processes	spike trains
A Log-Domain Implementation of the Diffusion Network in Very Large Scale Integration.
large scale integration	log-domain implementation	diffusion network
An Approximate, Efficient LP Solver for LP Rounding.
efficient lp solver	lp rounding
Online Pricing with Strategic and Patient Buyers.
patient buyers	online pricing
Tracking Changing Stimuli in Continuous Attractor Neural Networks.
continuous attractor neural networks	tracking changing stimuli
Least Informative Dimensions.
informative dimensions
Incremental Variational Sparse Gaussian Process Regression.
incremental variational sparse gaussian process regression
Improved and Generalized Upper Bounds on the Complexity of Policy Iteration.
generalized upper bounds	policy iteration
Policy Evaluation Using the Ω-Return.
policy evaluation
Bayesian Active Model Selection with an Application to Automated Audiometry.
bayesian active model selection	automated audiometry
The Sound of APALM Clapping: Faster Nonsmooth Nonconvex Optimization with Stochastic Asynchronous PALM.
faster nonsmooth nonconvex optimization	stochastic asynchronous palm	apalm clapping
Working hard to know your neighbor's margins: Local descriptor learning loss.
local descriptor learning loss	working hard
Message Passing Inference with Chemical Reaction Networks.
chemical reaction networks	message passing inference
Towards Property-Based Classification of Clustering Paradigms.
clustering paradigms	property-based classification
Semisupervised Clustering, AND-Queries and Locally Encodable Source Coding.
locally encodable source coding	semisupervised clustering
Multivariate Regression with Calibration.
multivariate regression
Slow Learners are Fast.
slow learners
Point Based Value Iteration with Optimal Belief Compression for Dec-POMDPs.
optimal belief compression	point based
Matrix Completion Under Monotonic Single Index Models.
monotonic single index models	matrix completion
Multi-armed bandits on implicit metric spaces.
implicit metric spaces	multi-armed bandits
Deep Fisher Networks for Large-Scale Image Classification.
large-scale image classification	deep fisher networks
Sequential Neural Models with Stochastic Layers.
sequential neural models	stochastic layers
Learning Combinatorial Optimization Algorithms over Graphs.
learning combinatorial optimization algorithms
A Bio-inspired Redundant Sensing Architecture.
bio-inspired redundant sensing architecture
Ensemble Nystrom Method.
ensemble nystrom method
Slice sampling normalized kernel-weighted completely random measure mixture models.
slice sampling normalized kernel-weighted completely random measure mixture models
From Deformations to Parts: Motion-based Segmentation of 3D Objects.
motion-based segmentation	3d objects
Max-Margin Majority Voting for Learning from Crowds.
max-margin majority voting
The Infinite Factorial Hidden Markov Model.
infinite factorial hidden markov model
Semiparametric Principal Component Analysis.
semiparametric principal component analysis
Gated Recurrent Convolution Neural Network for OCR.
gated recurrent convolution neural network
Soft-to-Hard Vector Quantization for End-to-End Learning Compressible Representations.
end-to-end learning compressible representations	soft-to-hard vector quantization
Fast-Slow Recurrent Neural Networks.
fast-slow recurrent neural networks
Variational Autoencoder for Deep Learning of Images, Labels and Captions.
variational autoencoder	deep learning
Sensitivity analysis in HMMs with application to likelihood maximization.
sensitivity analysis	likelihood maximization
Relative Margin Machines.
relative margin machines
Scan Order in Gibbs Sampling: Models in Which it Matters and Bounds on How Much.
gibbs sampling	scan order
Premise Selection for Theorem Proving by Deep Graph Embedding.
deep graph embedding	premise selection	theorem proving
Asymmetric LSH (ALSH) for Sublinear Time Maximum Inner Product Search (MIPS).
sublinear time maximum	asymmetric lsh	product search
Variational Learning for Recurrent Spiking Networks.
recurrent spiking networks	variational learning
Multitask Spectral Learning of Weighted Automata.
multitask spectral learning	weighted automata
Regularized Co-Clustering with Dual Supervision.
regularized co-clustering	dual supervision
Optimal learning rates for least squares SVMs using Gaussian kernels.
optimal learning rates	gaussian kernels	squares svms
Newtron: an Efficient Bandit algorithm for Online Multiclass Prediction.
online multiclass prediction	efficient bandit algorithm
Mixed Optimization for Smooth Functions.
smooth functions	mixed optimization
Simplified Rules and Theoretical Analysis for Information Bottleneck Optimization and PCA with Spiking Neurons.
information bottleneck optimization	theoretical analysis	simplified rules	spiking neurons
Renyi Differential Privacy Mechanisms for Posterior Sampling.
renyi differential privacy mechanisms	posterior sampling
Total Variation Classes Beyond 1d: Minimax Rates, and the Limitations of Linear Smoothers.
total variation classes	minimax rates	linear smoothers
Sparse Overlapping Sets Lasso for Multitask Learning and its Application to fMRI Analysis.
sparse overlapping sets lasso	multitask learning	fmri analysis
Exploring Generalization in Deep Learning.
exploring generalization	deep learning
Getting lost in space: Large sample analysis of the resistance distance.
large sample analysis	resistance distance
Unsupervised Deep Haar Scattering on Graphs.
unsupervised deep haar scattering
A lattice filter model of the visual pathway.
lattice filter model	visual pathway
Nonparametric Latent Feature Models for Link Prediction.
nonparametric latent feature models	link prediction
Halting in Random Walk Kernels.
random walk kernels
Learning Wake-Sleep Recurrent Attention Models.
learning wake-sleep recurrent attention models
A new metric on the manifold of kernel matrices with application to matrix geometric means.
matrix geometric means	kernel matrices
Localizing Bugs in Program Executions with Graphical Models.
localizing bugs	program executions	graphical models
Bayesian Mixture Modelling and Inference based Thompson Sampling in Monte-Carlo Tree Search.
inference based thompson sampling	bayesian mixture modelling	monte-carlo tree search
Finding Exemplars from Pairwise Dissimilarities via Simultaneous Sparse Recovery.
simultaneous sparse recovery	finding exemplars	pairwise dissimilarities
Augmented-SVM: Automatic space partitioning for combining multiple non-linear dynamics.
combining multiple non-linear dynamics	automatic space partitioning
Spectral methods for neural characterization using generalized quadratic models.
generalized quadratic models	spectral methods	neural characterization
Neural characterization in partially observed populations of spiking neurons.
partially observed populations	spiking neurons	neural characterization
Supervised learning through the lens of compression.
supervised learning
Optimal decision-making with time-varying evidence reliability.
time-varying evidence reliability	optimal decision-making
Neuronal Adaptation for Sampling-Based Probabilistic Inference in Perceptual Bistability.
sampling-based probabilistic inference	neuronal adaptation	perceptual bistability
Reducing Reparameterization Gradient Variance.
reducing reparameterization gradient variance
Minimizing Quadratic Functions in Constant Time.
minimizing quadratic functions	constant time
AIDE: An algorithm for measuring the accuracy of probabilistic inference algorithms.
probabilistic inference algorithms
Learning values across many orders of magnitude.
learning values
A Normative Theory of Adaptive Dimensionality Reduction in Neural Networks.
adaptive dimensionality reduction	normative theory	neural networks
An Integer Polynomial Programming Based Framework for Lifted MAP Inference.
integer polynomial programming based framework	lifted map inference
Can Peripheral Representations Improve Clutter Metrics on Complex Scenes?
peripheral representations improve clutter metrics	complex scenes
It is all in the noise: Efficient multi-task Gaussian process inference with structured residuals.
efficient multi-task gaussian process inference	structured residuals
The Perturbed Variation.
perturbed variation
Low-dimensional models of neural population activity in sensory cortical circuits.
sensory cortical circuits	neural population activity	low-dimensional models
The Infinite Partially Observable Markov Decision Process.
infinite partially observable markov decision process
Tractability in Structured Probability Spaces.
structured probability spaces
Exploiting the Structure: Stochastic Gradient Methods Using Raw Clusters.
stochastic gradient methods	raw clusters
A Sparse Interactive Model for Matrix Completion with Side Information.
sparse interactive model	side information	matrix completion
Learning the Semantic Correlation: An Alternative Way to Gain from Unlabeled Text.
unlabeled text	semantic correlation
Sparse Local Embeddings for Extreme Multi-label Classification.
extreme multi-label classification	sparse local embeddings
Zeta Hull Pursuits: Learning Nonconvex Data Hulls.
learning nonconvex data hulls	zeta hull pursuits
No-Regret Algorithms for Unconstrained Online Convex Optimization.
unconstrained online convex optimization	no-regret algorithms
Label Embedding Trees for Large Multi-Class Tasks.
large multi-class tasks	label embedding trees
A Bayesian Framework for Modeling Confidence in Perceptual Decision Making.
perceptual decision making	bayesian framework	modeling confidence
Efficient Reinforcement Learning for High Dimensional Linear Quadratic Systems.
high dimensional linear quadratic systems	efficient reinforcement learning
Convergence guarantees for kernel-based quadrature rules in misspecified settings.
kernel-based quadrature rules	convergence guarantees	misspecified settings
Online Rank Elicitation for Plackett-Luce: A Dueling Bandits Approach.
dueling bandits approach	online rank elicitation
Supervised Learning for Dynamical System Learning.
dynamical system learning	supervised learning
Learning the Morphology of Brain Signals Using Alpha-Stable Convolutional Sparse Coding.
alpha-stable convolutional sparse coding	brain signals
BinaryConnect: Training Deep Neural Networks with binary weights during propagations.
training deep neural networks	binary weights
Probabilistic Modeling of Dependencies Among Visual Short-Term Memory Representations.
visual short-term memory representations	probabilistic modeling
Improved Multimodal Deep Learning with Variation of Information.
improved multimodal deep learning
Ranking Data with Continuous Labels through Oriented Recursive Partitions.
oriented recursive partitions	continuous labels	ranking data
Solving the multi-way matching problem by permutation synchronization.
matching problem	permutation synchronization
Characterizing neural dependencies with copula models.
characterizing neural dependencies	copula models
Effective Split-Merge Monte Carlo Methods for Nonparametric Models of Sequential Data.
effective split-merge monte carlo methods	sequential data	nonparametric models
"Compressive neural representation of sparse, high-dimensional probabilities".
compressive neural representation	high-dimensional probabilities
Copula variational inference.
copula variational inference
Faster Ridge Regression via the Subsampled Randomized Hadamard Transform.
subsampled randomized hadamard transform	faster ridge regression
Multiscale Semi-Markov Dynamics for Intracortical Brain-Computer Interfaces.
multiscale semi-markov dynamics	intracortical brain-computer interfaces
Attractor Network Dynamics Enable Preplay and Rapid Path Planning in Maze-like Environments.
attractor network dynamics enable preplay	rapid path planning
MoCap-guided Data Augmentation for 3D Pose Estimation in the Wild.
3d pose estimation	mocap-guided data augmentation
Skip-Thought Vectors.
skip-thought vectors
Model selection and velocity estimation using novel priors for motion patterns.
motion patterns	velocity estimation	model selection
Probability Matching via Deterministic Neural Networks.
deterministic neural networks	probability matching
Stochastic Approximation for Canonical Correlation Analysis.
canonical correlation analysis	stochastic approximation
"Neuronal spike generation mechanism as an oversampling, noise-shaping A-to-D converter".
neuronal spike generation mechanism	noise-shaping a-to-
Finite Sample Convergence Rates of Zero-Order Stochastic Optimization Methods.
finite sample convergence rates	zero-order stochastic optimization methods
Learning to Discover Efficient Mathematical Identities.
discover efficient mathematical identities
Self-Paced Learning for Latent Variable Models.
latent variable models	self-paced learning
Variational Inference for Crowdsourcing.
variational inference
Parallel Inference for Latent Dirichlet Allocation on Graphics Processing Units.
graphics processing units	latent dirichlet allocation	parallel inference
Robust Value Function Approximation Using Bilinear Programming.
function approximation	bilinear programming
Occlusion Detection and Motion Estimation with Convex Optimization.
convex optimization	occlusion detection	motion estimation
Hierarchical Semi-Markov Conditional Random Fields for Recursive Sequential Data.
hierarchical semi-markov conditional random fields	recursive sequential data
Multi-armed Bandits: Competing with Optimal Sequences.
optimal sequences	multi-armed bandits
Scaling Memory-Augmented Neural Networks with Sparse Reads and Writes.
scaling memory-augmented neural networks	sparse reads
Learning Unknown Markov Decision Processes: A Thompson Sampling Approach.
learning unknown markov decision processes	thompson sampling approach
Recovering Intrinsic Images with a Global Sparsity Prior on Reflectance.
global sparsity prior	recovering intrinsic images
Learning a discriminative hidden part model for human action recognition.
discriminative hidden part model	human action recognition
Auxiliary-variable Exact Hamiltonian Monte Carlo Samplers for Binary Distributions.
auxiliary-variable exact hamiltonian monte carlo samplers	binary distributions
Bilinear classifiers for visual recognition.
bilinear classifiers	visual recognition
The Wisdom of Crowds in the Recollection of Order Information.
order information
Predicting Execution Time of Computer Programs Using Sparse Polynomial Regression.
sparse polynomial regression	predicting execution time	computer programs
QUIC & DIRTY: A Quadratic Approximation Approach for Dirty Statistical Models.
quadratic approximation approach	dirty statistical models	quic & dirty
A Game-Theoretic Approach to Apprenticeship Learning.
apprenticeship learning	game-theoretic approach
Global MAP-Optimality by Shrinking the Combinatorial Search Area with Convex Relaxation.
combinatorial search area	convex relaxation	global map-optimality
Riffled Independence for Ranked Data.
riffled independence	ranked data
Invariant Common Spatial Patterns: Alleviating Nonstationarities in Brain-Computer Interfacing.
invariant common spatial patterns	brain-computer interfacing	alleviating nonstationarities
fMRI-Based Inter-Subject Cortical Alignment Using Functional Connectivity.
fmri-based inter-subject cortical alignment	functional connectivity
Infinite Factorial Dynamical Model.
infinite factorial dynamical model
Deep Dynamic Poisson Factorization Model.
deep dynamic poisson factorization model
Predictive Indexing for Fast Search.
fast search	predictive indexing
Optimal Sample Complexity of M-wise Data for Top-K Ranking.
optimal sample complexity	m-wise data
Subject independent EEG-based BCI decoding.
subject independent eeg-based bci decoding
Sequence learning with hidden units in spiking neural networks.
spiking neural networks	hidden units	sequence learning
Galileo: Perceiving Physical Object Properties by Integrating a Physics Engine with Deep Learning.
perceiving physical object properties	physics engine	deep learning
Analyzing Hidden Representations in End-to-End Automatic Speech Recognition Systems.
end-to-end automatic speech recognition systems	analyzing hidden representations
Learning Bregman Distance Functions and Its Application for Semi-Supervised Clustering.
learning bregman distance functions	semi-supervised clustering
Thy Friend is My Friend: Iterative Collaborative Filtering for Sparse Matrix Estimation.
sparse matrix estimation	iterative collaborative filtering
Depth from a Single Image by Harmonizing Overcomplete Local Network Predictions.
harmonizing overcomplete local network predictions	single image
Σ-Optimality for Active Learning on Gaussian Random Fields.
gaussian random fields	active learning
Competition Adds Complexity.
competition adds complexity
Attentional Neural Network: Feature Selection Using Cognitive Feedback.
attentional neural network	cognitive feedback	feature selection
M-Best-Diverse Labelings for Submodular Energies and Beyond.
submodular energies	m-best-diverse labelings
Dynamic Clustering via Asymptotics of the Dependent Dirichlet Process Mixture.
dependent dirichlet process mixture	dynamic clustering
SGD Algorithms based on Incomplete U-statistics: Large-Scale Minimization of Empirical Risk.
sgd algorithms based	incomplete u-statistics	empirical risk	large-scale minimization
LSDA: Large Scale Detection through Adaptation.
large scale detection
Greedy Algorithms for Cone Constrained Optimization with Convergence Guarantees.
cone constrained optimization	convergence guarantees	greedy algorithms
Recursive Sampling for the Nystrom Method.
recursive sampling	nystrom method
Locating Changes in Highly Dependent Data with Unknown Number of Change Points.
highly dependent data	change points	unknown number
Near-Optimal Bayesian Active Learning with Noisy Observations.
near-optimal bayesian active learning	noisy observations
SafetyNets: Verifiable Execution of Deep Neural Networks on an Untrusted Cloud.
deep neural networks	verifiable execution	untrusted cloud
Matrix factorization with binary components.
matrix factorization	binary components
Multi-Step Dyna Planning for Policy Evaluation and Control.
multi-step dyna planning	policy evaluation
Federated Multi-Task Learning.
federated multi-task learning
Deep Supervised Discrete Hashing.
deep supervised discrete hashing
Decoding Ipsilateral Finger Movements from ECoG Signals in Humans.
decoding ipsilateral finger movements	ecog signals
A Universal Primal-Dual Convex Optimization Framework.
universal primal-dual convex optimization framework
Data Programming: Creating Large Training Sets, Quickly.
creating large training sets	data programming
Hybrid Reward Architecture for Reinforcement Learning.
hybrid reward architecture	reinforcement learning
Generative and Discriminative Learning with Unknown Labeling Bias.
unknown labeling bias	discriminative learning
Adaptive Forward-Backward Greedy Algorithm for Sparse Learning with Linear Models.
adaptive forward-backward greedy algorithm	sparse learning	linear models
A Comparative Framework for Preconditioned Lasso Algorithms.
preconditioned lasso algorithms	comparative framework
Cornering Stationary and Restless Mixing Bandits with Remix-UCB.
restless mixing bandits	cornering stationary
How transferable are features in deep neural networks?
deep neural networks
Satisfying Real-world Goals with Dataset Constraints.
satisfying real-world goals	dataset constraints
Active Learning from Weak and Strong Labelers.
strong labelers	active learning
Universal models for binary spike patterns using centered Dirichlet processes.
centered dirichlet processes	binary spike patterns	universal models
Matrix Completion From any Given Set of Observations.
matrix completion
Training and Evaluating Multimodal Word Embeddings with Large-scale Web Annotated Images.
large-scale web annotated images	evaluating multimodal word embeddings
Mixability in Statistical Learning.
statistical learning
A-NICE-MC: Adversarial Training for MCMC.
adversarial training
What Makes Objects Similar: A Unified Multi-Metric Learning Approach.
unified multi-metric learning approach	makes objects similar
Combining Adversarial Guarantees and Stochastic Fast Rates in Online Learning.
stochastic fast rates	combining adversarial guarantees	online learning
Discovering Weakly-Interacting Factors in a Complex Stochastic Process.
complex stochastic process	discovering weakly-interacting factors
The Gaussian Process Density Sampler.
gaussian process density sampler
Affine Independent Variational Inference.
affine independent variational inference
Neurally-Guided Procedural Models: Amortized Inference for Procedural Graphics Programs using Neural Networks.
neurally-guided procedural models	procedural graphics programs	neural networks	amortized inference
Permutation Complexity Bound on Out-Sample Error.
permutation complexity bound	out-sample error
Action-Conditional Video Prediction using Deep Networks in Atari Games.
action-conditional video prediction	atari games	deep networks
A mechanistic model of early sensory processing based on subtracting sparse representations.
early sensory processing based	subtracting sparse representations	mechanistic model
Scalable Algorithms for String Kernels with Inexact Matching.
scalable algorithms	inexact matching	string kernels
Algorithms for CVaR Optimization in MDPs.
cvar optimization
Learning feed-forward one-shot learners.
learning feed-forward one-shot learners
Action from Still Image Dataset and Inverse Optimal Control to Learn Task Specific Visual Scanpaths.
learn task specific visual scanpaths	inverse optimal control	image dataset
Breaking the Bandwidth Barrier: Geometrical Adaptive Entropy Estimation.
geometrical adaptive entropy estimation	bandwidth barrier
Heavy-Tailed Process Priors for Selective Shrinkage.
heavy-tailed process priors	selective shrinkage
Quantized Estimation of Gaussian Sequence Models in Euclidean Balls.
gaussian sequence models	quantized estimation	euclidean balls
Solving inverse problem of Markov chain with partial observations.
solving inverse problem	markov chain	partial observations
A Collaborative Mechanism for Crowdsourcing Prediction Problems.
crowdsourcing prediction problems	collaborative mechanism
Learning to Model the Tail.
model
Unsupervised Feature Selection for Accurate Recommendation of High-Dimensional Image Data.
unsupervised feature selection	high-dimensional image data	accurate recommendation
Shepard Convolutional Neural Networks.
shepard convolutional neural networks
Entropy Estimations Using Correlated Symmetric Stable Random Projections.
correlated symmetric stable random projections	entropy estimations
Label Distribution Learning Forests.
label distribution learning forests
B-test: A Non-parametric, Low Variance Kernel Two-sample Test.
low variance kernel two-sample test
BIG & QUIC: Sparse Inverse Covariance Estimation for a Million Variables.
sparse inverse covariance estimation	big & quic	million variables
Sticking the Landing: Simple, Lower-Variance Gradient Estimators for Variational Inference.
lower-variance gradient estimators	variational inference
Improved Regret Bounds for Oracle-Based Adversarial Contextual Bandits.
oracle-based adversarial contextual bandits	improved regret bounds
A Family of Penalty Functions for Structured Sparsity.
structured sparsity	penalty functions
Tensorizing Neural Networks.
tensorizing neural networks
Variance Reduction for Stochastic Gradient Optimization.
stochastic gradient optimization	variance reduction
Monte-Carlo Planning in Large POMDPs.
large pomdps	monte-carlo planning
Is Input Sparsity Time Possible for Kernel Low-Rank Approximation?
kernel low-rank approximation	input sparsity time
Crowdclustering.
crowdclustering
Near-minimax recursive density estimation on the binary hypercube.
near-minimax recursive density estimation	binary hypercube
Multiclass Learning with Simplex Coding.
multiclass learning	simplex coding
A Convex Upper Bound on the Log-Partition Function for Binary Distributions.
convex upper bound	log-partition function	binary distributions
Sparse Manifold Clustering and Embedding.
sparse manifold clustering
Bayesian Probabilistic Co-Subspace Addition.
bayesian probabilistic co-subspace addition
Double Q-learning.
double q-learning
Probabilistic Models for Integration Error in the Assessment of Functional Cardiac Models.
functional cardiac models	probabilistic models	integration error
Compositionality of optimal control laws.
optimal control laws
Localizing 3D cuboids in single-view images.
localizing 3d cuboids	single-view images
Decoupling "when to update" from "how to update".
update
Competitive Distribution Estimation: Why is Good-Turing Good.
competitive distribution estimation	good-turing good
Deep Networks with Internal Selective Attention through Feedback Connections.
internal selective attention	feedback connections	deep networks
Spike timing-dependent plasticity as dynamic filter.
spike timing-dependent plasticity	dynamic filter
Computational Equivalence of Fixed Points and No Regret Algorithms, and Convergence to Equilibria.
regret algorithms	computational equivalence	fixed points
Can Active Memory Replace Attention?
active memory replace attention
Monte Carlo Sampling for Regret Minimization in Extensive Games.
monte carlo sampling	regret minimization	extensive games
The Noisy-Logical Distribution and its Application to Causal Inference.
noisy-logical distribution	causal inference
Dense Associative Memory for Pattern Recognition.
dense associative memory	pattern recognition
Higher-Order Total Variation Classes on Grids: Minimax Theory and Trend Filtering Methods.
higher-order total variation classes	trend filtering methods	minimax theory
Learning with Compressible Priors.
compressible priors
Regret-Based Pruning in Extensive-Form Games.
extensive-form games	regret-based pruning
Deterministic Single-Pass Algorithm for LDA.
deterministic single-pass algorithm
Adaptive Online Gradient Descent.
adaptive online gradient descent
Predicting Scene Parsing and Motion Dynamics in the Future.
predicting scene parsing	motion dynamics
A dynamic excitatory-inhibitory network in a VLSI chip for spiking information reregistration.
dynamic excitatory-inhibitory network	spiking information reregistration	vlsi chip
A* Lasso for Learning a Sparse Bayesian Network Structure for Continuous Variables.
sparse bayesian network structure	continuous variables
Low-Rank Time-Frequency Synthesis.
low-rank time-frequency synthesis
Probabilistic detection of short events, with application to critical care monitoring.
critical care monitoring	short events	probabilistic detection
A "Shape Aware" Model for semi-supervised Learning of Objects and its Context.
semi-supervised learning	shape aware
Semi-supervised Learning with GANs: Manifold Invariance with Improved Inference.
semi-supervised learning	manifold invariance	improved inference
Predicting the Geometry of Metal Binding Sites from Protein Sequence.
metal binding sites	protein sequence
Parametric Bandits: The Generalized Linear Case.
generalized linear case	parametric bandits
Optimistic Optimization of a Deterministic Function without the Knowledge of its Smoothness.
deterministic function	optimistic optimization
Variational Information Maximization for Feature Selection.
variational information maximization	feature selection
Safe Model-based Reinforcement Learning with Stability Guarantees.
safe model-based reinforcement learning	stability guarantees
Adaptive Embedded Subgraph Algorithms using Walk-Sum Analysis.
adaptive embedded subgraph algorithms	walk-sum analysis
Waveform Driven Plasticity in BiFeO3 Memristive Devices: Model and Implementation.
bifeo3 memristive devices	waveform driven plasticity
Learning with Target Prior.
target prior
Similarity-based Learning via Data Driven Embeddings.
data driven embeddings	similarity-based learning
Spectral Clustering of graphs with the Bethe Hessian.
spectral clustering	bethe hessian
Submanifold density estimation.
submanifold density estimation
Correlated random features for fast semi-supervised learning.
correlated random features	fast semi-supervised learning
Accelerating Bayesian Structural Inference for Non-Decomposable Gaussian Graphical Models.
non-decomposable gaussian graphical models	accelerating bayesian structural inference
Action-Gap Phenomenon in Reinforcement Learning.
action-gap phenomenon	reinforcement learning
Convex Clustering with Exemplar-Based Models.
exemplar-based models	convex clustering
Bayesian Hierarchical Community Discovery.
bayesian hierarchical community discovery
Learning Spherical Convolution for Fast Features from 360° Imagery.
learning spherical convolution	fast features
Convergence Rates of Inexact Proximal-Gradient Methods for Convex Optimization.
inexact proximal-gradient methods	convergence rates	convex optimization
Continual Learning with Deep Generative Replay.
deep generative replay	continual learning
A Decomposition of Forecast Error in Prediction Markets.
prediction markets	forecast error
Synthesis of MCMC and Belief Propagation.
belief propagation
A Unified Approach for Learning the Parameters of Sum-Product Networks.
unified approach	sum-product networks
From Stochastic Mixability to Fast Rates.
stochastic mixability	fast rates
Third-Order Edge Statistics: Contour Continuation, Curvature, and Cortical Connections.
third-order edge statistics	cortical connections	contour continuation
Algorithms with Logarithmic or Sublinear Regret for Constrained Contextual Bandits.
constrained contextual bandits	sublinear regret
Dilated Recurrent Neural Networks.
dilated recurrent neural networks
Efficient and Robust Spiking Neural Circuit for Navigation Inspired by Echolocating Bats.
robust spiking neural circuit	navigation inspired	echolocating bats
Bayesian Estimation of Latently-grouped Parameters in Undirected Graphical Models.
undirected graphical models	latently-grouped parameters	bayesian estimation
Discriminative Log-Linear Grammars with Latent Variables.
discriminative log-linear grammars	latent variables
Best of Both Worlds: Transferring Knowledge from Discriminative Learning to a Generative Visual Dialog Model.
generative visual dialog model	discriminative learning	transferring knowledge
Correlated-PCA: Principal Components' Analysis when Data and Noise are Correlated.
principal components
Mind the Gap: A Generative Approach to Interpretable Feature Selection and Extraction.
interpretable feature selection	generative approach
Log-Hilbert-Schmidt metric between positive definite operators on Hilbert spaces.
positive definite operators	hilbert spaces	log-hilbert-schmidt metric
Improving Topic Coherence with Regularized Topic Models.
improving topic coherence	regularized topic models
Launch and Iterate: Reducing Prediction Churn.
reducing prediction churn
Speeding up Magnetic Resonance Image Acquisition by Bayesian Multi-Slice Adaptive Compressed Sensing.
bayesian multi-slice adaptive compressed sensing	magnetic resonance image acquisition
Learning Deep Embeddings with Histogram Loss.
learning deep embeddings	histogram loss
Covariance shrinkage for autocorrelated data.
covariance shrinkage	autocorrelated data
Uniqueness of Belief Propagation on Signed Graphs.
signed graphs	belief propagation
Learning to classify complex patterns using a VLSI network of spiking neurons.
classify complex patterns	spiking neurons	vlsi network
Spectrally-normalized margin bounds for neural networks.
spectrally-normalized margin bounds	neural networks
Decomposable Submodular Function Minimization: Discrete and Continuous.
decomposable submodular function minimization
Sparse Online Learning via Truncated Gradient.
sparse online learning	truncated gradient
Automatic Neuron Detection in Calcium Imaging Data Using Convolutional Networks.
calcium imaging data	automatic neuron detection	convolutional networks
Using Social Dynamics to Make Individual Predictions: Variational Inference with a Stochastic Kinetic Model.
stochastic kinetic model	make individual predictions	variational inference	social dynamics
Non-stationary continuous dynamic Bayesian networks.
non-stationary continuous dynamic bayesian networks
Divide-and-Conquer Matrix Factorization.
divide-and-conquer matrix factorization
DUOL: A Double Updating Approach for Online Learning.
double updating approach	online learning
Online Learning in Markov Decision Processes with Adversarially Chosen Transition Probability Distributions.
adversarially chosen transition probability distributions	markov decision processes	online learning
Stochastic Majorization-Minimization Algorithms for Large-Scale Optimization.
stochastic majorization-minimization algorithms	large-scale optimization
Learning Higher-Order Graph Structure with Features by Structure Penalty.
learning higher-order graph structure	structure penalty
Online L1-Dictionary Learning with Application to Novel Document Detection.
online l1-dictionary learning	document detection
Learning ReLUs via Gradient Descent.
gradient descent	learning relus
Automatic Variational Inference in Stan.
automatic variational inference
Swapout: Learning an ensemble of deep architectures.
deep architectures
Inferring Interaction Networks using the IBP applied to microRNA Target Prediction.
microrna target prediction	inferring interaction networks	ibp applied
Noise-Tolerant Interactive Learning Using Pairwise Comparisons.
noise-tolerant interactive learning	pairwise comparisons
Sample Efficient Path Integral Control under Uncertainty.
sample efficient path integral control
Online Learning: Stochastic, Constrained, and Smoothed Adversaries.
smoothed adversaries	online learning
A Risk Minimization Principle for a Class of Parzen Estimators.
risk minimization principle	parzen estimators
One-Sided Unsupervised Domain Mapping.
one-sided unsupervised domain mapping
Learning Adaptive Value of Information for Structured Prediction.
learning adaptive	structured prediction
Classification-Based Causality Detection in Time Series.
classification-based causality detection	time series
Locality and low-dimensions in the prediction of natural experience from fMRI.
natural experience
Learning shape correspondence with anisotropic convolutional neural networks.
anisotropic convolutional neural networks	learning shape correspondence
Distributed Inference for Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
latent dirichlet allocation	distributed inference
Sparse Approximate Manifolds for Differential Geometric MCMC.
sparse approximate manifolds	differential geometric mcmc
Efficient Use of Limited-Memory Accelerators for Linear Learning on Heterogeneous Systems.
limited-memory accelerators	heterogeneous systems	linear learning
Grouping Contours Via a Related Image.
grouping contours	related image
Multi-Modal Imitation Learning from Unstructured Demonstrations using Generative Adversarial Nets.
generative adversarial nets	multi-modal imitation learning	unstructured demonstrations
Non-Asymptotic Analysis of Stochastic Approximation Algorithms for Machine Learning.
stochastic approximation algorithms	non-asymptotic analysis	machine learning
Testing for Homogeneity with Kernel Fisher Discriminant Analysis.
kernel fisher discriminant analysis
A state-space model of cross-region dynamic connectivity in MEG/EEG.
cross-region dynamic connectivity	state-space model
Environmental statistics and the trade-off between model-based and TD learning in humans.
td learning	environmental statistics
Learned Prioritization for Trading Off Accuracy and Speed.
learned prioritization
Searching for objects driven by context.
objects driven
Designing smoothing functions for improved worst-case competitive ratio in online optimization.
improved worst-case competitive ratio	designing smoothing functions	online optimization
On the Convergence of the Concave-Convex Procedure.
concave-convex procedure
On the Relationship Between Binary Classification, Bipartite Ranking, and Binary Class Probability Estimation.
binary class probability estimation	binary classification	bipartite ranking
Predicting the Optimal Spacing of Study: A Multiscale Context Model of Memory.
multiscale context model	optimal spacing
On Graph Reconstruction via Empirical Risk Minimization: Fast Learning Rates and Scalability.
empirical risk minimization	fast learning rates	graph reconstruction
A Multi-Batch L-BFGS Method for Machine Learning.
multi-batch l-bfgs method	machine learning
Multi-scale Graphical Models for Spatio-Temporal Processes.
multi-scale graphical models	spatio-temporal processes
Estimation, Optimization, and Parallelism when Data is Sparse.
estimation
A Latent Source Model for Online Collaborative Filtering.
latent source model	online collaborative filtering
The power of absolute discounting: all-dimensional distribution estimation.
all-dimensional distribution estimation	absolute discounting
From Online to Batch Learning with Cutoff-Averaging.
batch learning
Imitation Learning by Coaching.
imitation learning
Distributed Probabilistic Learning for Camera Networks with Missing Data.
distributed probabilistic learning	camera networks	missing data
Unified representation of tractography and diffusion-weighted MRI data using sparse multidimensional arrays.
diffusion-weighted mri data	sparse multidimensional arrays	unified representation
An improved estimator of Variance Explained in the presence of noise.
variance explained	improved estimator
Approximation Bounds for Hierarchical Clustering: Average Linkage, Bisecting K-means, and Local Search.
hierarchical clustering	local search	approximation bounds	bisecting k-means	average linkage
A Convergent Gradient Descent Algorithm for Rank Minimization and Semidefinite Programming from Random Linear Measurements.
convergent gradient descent algorithm	random linear measurements	rank minimization	semidefinite programming
Online Learning with Adversarial Delays.
adversarial delays	online learning
Non-monotone Continuous DR-submodular Maximization: Structure and Algorithms.
non-monotone continuous dr-submodular maximization
Optimal Black-Box Reductions Between Optimization Objectives.
optimal black-box reductions	optimization objectives
Information-theoretic analysis of generalization capability of learning algorithms.
learning algorithms	generalization capability	information-theoretic analysis
Extreme bandits.
extreme bandits
Parallelizing MCMC with Random Partition Trees.
random partition trees	parallelizing mcmc
Bayesian optimization explains human active search.
bayesian optimization explains human active search
The Consistency of Common Neighbors for Link Prediction in Stochastic Blockmodels.
link prediction	stochastic blockmodels	common neighbors
Professor Forcing: A New Algorithm for Training Recurrent Networks.
training recurrent networks	professor forcing
Learning to Learn with Compound HD Models.
compound hd models
Distributed Bayesian Posterior Sampling via Moment Sharing.
distributed bayesian posterior sampling	moment sharing
Mixing Time Estimation in Reversible Markov Chains from a Single Sample Path.
single sample path	mixing time estimation	reversible markov chains
Network Flow Algorithms for Structured Sparsity.
network flow algorithms	structured sparsity
Gradient-based kernel method for feature extraction and variable selection.
gradient-based kernel method	variable selection	feature extraction
Learning Mixtures of Ranking Models.
learning mixtures	ranking models
Equilibrated adaptive learning rates for non-convex optimization.
equilibrated adaptive learning rates	non-convex optimization
Nonparametric Bayesian Inverse Reinforcement Learning for Multiple Reward Functions.
nonparametric bayesian inverse reinforcement learning	multiple reward functions
Portmanteau Vocabularies for Multi-Cue Image Representation.
multi-cue image representation	portmanteau vocabularies
Deanonymization in the Bitcoin P2P Network.
bitcoin p2p network
Stochastic Gradient Riemannian Langevin Dynamics on the Probability Simplex.
stochastic gradient riemannian langevin dynamics	probability simplex
Joint Modeling of a Matrix with Associated Text via Latent Binary Features.
latent binary features	joint modeling
Real-Time Bidding with Side Information.
real-time bidding	side information
Optimal Linear Estimation under Unknown Nonlinear Transform.
unknown nonlinear transform	optimal linear estimation
Reducing the Rank in Relational Factorization Models by Including Observable Patterns.
including observable patterns	relational factorization models
Dual Path Networks.
dual path networks
Adaptive Batch Size for Safe Policy Gradients.
safe policy gradients	adaptive batch size
Whose Vote Should Count More: Optimal Integration of Labels from Labelers of Unknown Expertise.
optimal integration	unknown expertise
Using Convolutional Neural Networks to Recognize Rhythm Stimuli from Electroencephalography Recordings.
recognize rhythm stimuli	convolutional neural networks	electroencephalography recordings
Probabilistic Deterministic Infinite Automata.
probabilistic deterministic infinite automata
On Prior Distributions and Approximate Inference for Structured Variables.
approximate inference	structured variables	prior distributions
$\\theta$-MRF: Capturing Spatial and Semantic Structure in the Parameters for Scene Understanding.
capturing spatial	scene understanding	theta$-mrf	semantic structure
Short-Dot: Computing Large Linear Transforms Distributedly Using Coded Short Dot Products.
computing large linear transforms distributedly	coded short dot products
Confusions over Time: An Interpretable Bayesian Model to Characterize Trends in Decision Making.
interpretable bayesian model	characterize trends	decision making
The Conjoint Effect of Divisive Normalization and Orientation Selectivity on Redundancy Reduction.
divisive normalization	orientation selectivity	conjoint effect	redundancy reduction
Adapting to the Shifting Intent of Search Queries.
shifting intent	search queries
Occlusive Components Analysis.
occlusive components analysis
Online multiclass boosting.
online multiclass boosting
Decoupled Deep Neural Network for Semi-supervised Semantic Segmentation.
decoupled deep neural network	semi-supervised semantic segmentation
Modelling Relational Data using Bayesian Clustered Tensor Factorization.
bayesian clustered tensor factorization	modelling relational data
An Homotopy Algorithm for the Lasso with Online Observations.
online observations	homotopy algorithm
Mixed vine copulas as joint models of spike counts and local field potentials.
mixed vine copulas	local field potentials	spike counts	joint models
A Dimension-Independent Generalization Bound for Kernel Supervised Principal Component Analysis.
kernel supervised principal component analysis	dimension-independent generalization bound
The non-convex Burer-Monteiro approach works on smooth semidefinite programs.
non-convex burer-monteiro approach works	smooth semidefinite programs
Sparse Estimation Using General Likelihoods and Non-Factorial Priors.
sparse estimation	general likelihoods	non-factorial priors
Estimating LASSO Risk and Noise Level.
estimating lasso risk	noise level
Hierarchical Attentive Recurrent Tracking.
hierarchical attentive recurrent tracking
A Global Structural EM Algorithm for a Model of Cancer Progression.
global structural em algorithm	cancer progression
Asynchronous Parallel Coordinate Minimization for MAP Inference.
asynchronous parallel coordinate minimization	map inference
Sparse recovery by thresholded non-negative least squares.
thresholded non-negative	sparse recovery
Cyclades: Conflict-free Asynchronous Machine Learning.
conflict-free asynchronous machine learning
The Multidimensional Wisdom of Crowds.
multidimensional wisdom
Optimal Learning for Multi-pass Stochastic Gradient Methods.
multi-pass stochastic gradient methods	optimal learning
A Dirty Model for Multi-task Learning.
multi-task learning	dirty model
Reflection methods for user-friendly submodular optimization.
user-friendly submodular optimization	reflection methods
An Additive Latent Feature Model for Transparent Object Recognition.
additive latent feature model	transparent object recognition
Statistical Topological Data Analysis - A Kernel Perspective.
statistical topological data analysis	kernel perspective
Approximate inference in continuous time Gaussian-Jump processes.
continuous time gaussian-jump processes	approximate inference
Nonstandard Interpretations of Probabilistic Programs for Efficient Inference.
nonstandard interpretations	probabilistic programs	efficient inference
Deep Spatio-Temporal Architectures and Learning for Protein Structure Prediction.
protein structure prediction	deep spatio-temporal architectures
Position-based Multiple-play Bandit Problem with Unknown Position Bias.
position-based multiple-play bandit problem	unknown position bias
Receding Horizon Differential Dynamic Programming.
receding horizon differential dynamic programming
Geometric Descent Method for Convex Composite Minimization.
geometric descent method	convex composite minimization
Visual Interaction Networks: Learning a Physics Simulator from Video.
visual interaction networks	physics simulator
Visual Concept Learning: Combining Machine Vision and Bayesian Generalization on Concept Hierarchies.
combining machine vision	visual concept learning	concept hierarchies	bayesian generalization
On Iterative Hard Thresholding Methods for High-dimensional M-Estimation.
iterative hard thresholding methods	high-dimensional m-estimation
The 'tree-dependent components' of natural scenes are edge filters.
tree-dependent components	natural scenes	edge filters
An Empirical Evaluation of Thompson Sampling.
thompson sampling	empirical evaluation
Inhomogeneous Hypergraph Clustering with Applications.
inhomogeneous hypergraph clustering
Bayes-Adaptive POMDPs.
bayes-adaptive pomdps
Spherical convolutions and their application in molecular modelling.
spherical convolutions	molecular modelling
Process-constrained batch Bayesian optimisation.
process-constrained batch bayesian optimisation
LSTD with Random Projections.
random projections
An Accelerated Proximal Coordinate Gradient Method.
accelerated proximal coordinate gradient method
Efficient Minimization of Decomposable Submodular Functions.
decomposable submodular functions	efficient minimization
Sequential effects: Superstition or rational behavior?
sequential effects	rational behavior
Maximum Likelihood Learning With Arbitrary Treewidth via Fast-Mixing Parameter Sets.
maximum likelihood learning	fast-mixing parameter sets	arbitrary treewidth
A rational model of preference learning and choice prediction by children.
choice prediction	preference learning	rational model
Nonparametric Multi-group Membership Model for Dynamic Networks.
nonparametric multi-group membership model	dynamic networks
Slice Normalized Dynamic Markov Logic Networks.
slice normalized dynamic markov logic networks
Stability Approach to Regularization Selection (StARS) for High Dimensional Graphical Models.
high dimensional graphical models	stability approach	regularization selection
From Stochastic Nonlinear Integrate-and-Fire to Generalized Linear Models.
generalized linear models	stochastic nonlinear integrate-and-fire
Lifted Symmetry Detection and Breaking for MAP Inference.
lifted symmetry detection	map inference
Distributed Delayed Stochastic Optimization.
distributed delayed stochastic optimization
Deep Joint Task Learning for Generic Object Extraction.
deep joint task learning	generic object extraction
Parallel Correlation Clustering on Big Graphs.
parallel correlation clustering	big graphs
Fast Computation of Posterior Mode in Multi-Level Hierarchical Models.
multi-level hierarchical models	posterior mode	fast computation
Optimizing Energy Production Using Policy Search and Predictive State Representations.
optimizing energy production	predictive state representations	policy search
Stochastic Structured Prediction under Bandit Feedback.
stochastic structured prediction	bandit feedback
Efficient algorithms for learning kernels from multiple similarity matrices with general convex loss functions.
general convex loss functions	multiple similarity matrices	efficient algorithms	learning kernels
Simultaneous Object Detection and Ranking with Weak Supervision.
simultaneous object detection	weak supervision
Automated scalable segmentation of neurons from multispectral images.
automated scalable segmentation	multispectral images
Convolutional-Recursive Deep Learning for 3D Object Classification.
3d object classification	convolutional-recursive deep learning
Continuously-adaptive discretization for message-passing algorithms.
message-passing algorithms	continuously-adaptive discretization
Analyzing Hogwild Parallel Gaussian Gibbs Sampling.
analyzing hogwild parallel gaussian gibbs sampling
Query-Aware MCMC.
query-aware mcmc
Clustering with Same-Cluster Queries.
same-cluster queries
Layered image motion with explicit occlusions, temporal consistency, and depth ordering.
layered image motion	depth ordering	explicit occlusions	temporal consistency
PredRNN: Recurrent Neural Networks for Predictive Learning using Spatiotemporal LSTMs.
recurrent neural networks	predictive learning	spatiotemporal lstms
The Epoch-Greedy Algorithm for Multi-armed Bandits with Side Information.
epoch-greedy algorithm	side information	multi-armed bandits
Kernel Descriptors for Visual Recognition.
visual recognition	kernel descriptors
Time-Data Tradeoffs by Aggressive Smoothing.
aggressive smoothing	time-data tradeoffs
A Geometric take on Metric Learning.
metric learning
Variance Penalizing AdaBoost.
variance penalizing adaboost
Learning Neural Representations of Human Cognition across Many fMRI Studies.
learning neural representations	human cognition	fmri studies
Concentration of Multilinear Functions of the Ising Model with Applications to Network Data.
ising model	network data	multilinear functions
ExtremeWeather: A large-scale climate dataset for semi-supervised detection, localization, and understanding of extreme weather events.
large-scale climate dataset	extreme weather events	semi-supervised detection
Compressive Sensing of Signals from a GMM with Sparse Precision Matrices.
sparse precision matrices	compressive sensing
Learning Efficient Random Maximum A-Posteriori Predictors with Non-Decomposable Loss Functions.
learning efficient random maximum a-posteriori predictors	non-decomposable loss functions
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 26: 27th Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems 2013. Proceedings of a meeting held December 5-8, 2013, Lake Tahoe, Nevada, United States.
neural information processing systems 2013	neural information processing systems 26	meeting held december 5-8	27th annual conference	united states	lake tahoe
Distral: Robust multitask reinforcement learning.
robust multitask reinforcement learning
Ultrafast Monte Carlo for Statistical Summations.
ultrafast monte carlo	statistical summations
Adaptive SVRG Methods under Error Bound Conditions with Unknown Growth Parameter.
unknown growth parameter	error bound conditions	adaptive svrg methods
Movement extraction by detecting dynamics switches and repetitions.
detecting dynamics switches	movement extraction
Houdini: Fooling Deep Structured Visual and Speech Recognition Models with Adversarial Examples.
fooling deep structured visual	speech recognition models	adversarial examples
Co-Regularized Hashing for Multimodal Data.
co-regularized hashing	multimodal data
Learning Kernels with Radiuses of Minimum Enclosing Balls.
minimum enclosing balls	learning kernels
A mixture model for the evolution of gene expression in non-homogeneous datasets.
non-homogeneous datasets	gene expression	mixture model
Online Learning for Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
latent dirichlet allocation	online learning
Blending Autonomous Exploration and Apprenticeship Learning.
blending autonomous exploration	apprenticeship learning
Geometric Dirichlet Means Algorithm for topic inference.
geometric dirichlet means algorithm	topic inference
Towards Holistic Scene Understanding: Feedback Enabled Cascaded Classification Models.
feedback enabled cascaded classification models	holistic scene understanding
Convolutional Neural Networks on Graphs with Fast Localized Spectral Filtering.
fast localized spectral filtering	convolutional neural networks
Lifted Inference Seen from the Other Side : The Tractable Features.
lifted inference	tractable features
Region-based Segmentation and Object Detection.
region-based segmentation	object detection
Semantic Kernel Forests from Multiple Taxonomies.
semantic kernel forests	multiple taxonomies
Sample Complexity of Automated Mechanism Design.
automated mechanism design	sample complexity
Discriminatively Trained Sparse Code Gradients for Contour Detection.
discriminatively trained sparse code gradients	contour detection
A Better Way to Pretrain Deep Boltzmann Machines.
pretrain deep boltzmann machines
Deep Representations and Codes for Image Auto-Annotation.
deep representations	image auto-annotation
Practical Hash Functions for Similarity Estimation and Dimensionality Reduction.
practical hash functions	dimensionality reduction	similarity estimation
Learning Multiple Tasks with a Sparse Matrix-Normal Penalty.
sparse matrix-normal penalty	learning multiple tasks
Bundle Methods for Machine Learning.
bundle methods	machine learning
Consistent Estimation of Functions of Data Missing Non-Monotonically and Not at Random.
data missing non-monotonically	consistent estimation
Stochastic Optimization with Variance Reduction for Infinite Datasets with Finite Sum Structure.
finite sum structure	variance reduction	stochastic optimization	infinite datasets
Fractionally Predictive Spiking Neurons.
fractionally predictive spiking neurons
Tree-structured Gaussian Process Approximations.
tree-structured gaussian process approximations
Kullback-Leibler Proximal Variational Inference.
kullback-leibler proximal variational inference
Scalable Model Selection for Belief Networks.
scalable model selection	belief networks
Gated Softmax Classification.
gated softmax classification
Semi-Supervised Factored Logistic Regression for High-Dimensional Neuroimaging Data.
semi-supervised factored logistic regression	high-dimensional neuroimaging data
Convolutional Neural Network Architectures for Matching Natural Language Sentences.
convolutional neural network architectures	matching natural language sentences
Value Pursuit Iteration.
pursuit iteration
Forgetful Bayes and myopic planning: Human learning and decision-making in a bandit setting.
bandit setting	forgetful bayes	myopic planning	human learning
Learning via Gaussian Herding.
gaussian herding
Better Approximation and Faster Algorithm Using the Proximal Average.
faster algorithm	proximal average
Weight Normalization: A Simple Reparameterization to Accelerate Training of Deep Neural Networks.
deep neural networks	accelerate training	simple reparameterization	weight normalization
The Dynamic Beamformer.
dynamic beamformer
Clusters and Coarse Partitions in LP Relaxations.
coarse partitions	lp relaxations
Dirty Statistical Models.
dirty statistical models
Unconstrained On-line Handwriting Recognition with Recurrent Neural Networks.
unconstrained on-line handwriting recognition	recurrent neural networks
Split LBI: An Iterative Regularization Path with Structural Sparsity.
iterative regularization path	split lbi	structural sparsity
Ranking Measures and Loss Functions in Learning to Rank.
ranking measures	loss functions
Collaborative Filtering in a Non-Uniform World: Learning with the Weighted Trace Norm.
weighted trace norm	non-uniform world	collaborative filtering
Multilinear Subspace Regression: An Orthogonal Tensor Decomposition Approach.
orthogonal tensor decomposition approach	multilinear subspace regression
Bandit Smooth Convex Optimization: Improving the Bias-Variance Tradeoff.
bandit smooth convex optimization	bias-variance tradeoff
Matrix Completion has No Spurious Local Minimum.
spurious local minimum	matrix completion
Adaptivity to Local Smoothness and Dimension in Kernel Regression.
kernel regression	local smoothness
Proximal Quasi-Newton for Computationally Intensive L1-regularized M-estimators.
computationally intensive l1-regularized m-estimators	proximal quasi-newton
Estimating disparity with confidence from energy neurons.
estimating disparity	energy neurons
Causality: Objectives and Assessment (NIPS 2008 Workshop), Whistler, Canada, December 12, 2008
nips 2008 workshop
Pylon Model for Semantic Segmentation.
pylon model	semantic segmentation
Efficient Exact Inference in Planar Ising Models.
planar ising models	efficient exact inference
Ensemble weighted kernel estimators for multivariate entropy estimation.
ensemble weighted kernel estimators	multivariate entropy estimation
No-Regret Learning in Bayesian Games.
bayesian games	no-regret learning
Regularized EM Algorithms: A Unified Framework and Statistical Guarantees.
regularized em algorithms	unified framework	statistical guarantees
Clustered factor analysis of multineuronal spike data.
multineuronal spike data	clustered factor analysis
Learning from Logged Implicit Exploration Data.
logged implicit exploration data
"Congruent" and "Opposite" Neurons: Sisters for Multisensory Integration and Segregation.
multisensory integration
An Online Algorithm for Large Scale Image Similarity Learning.
large scale image similarity learning	online algorithm
Supervised Learning with Tensor Networks.
supervised learning	tensor networks
PointNet++: Deep Hierarchical Feature Learning on Point Sets in a Metric Space.
deep hierarchical feature learning	metric space	point sets
Neural representation of action sequences: how far can a simple snippet-matching model take us?
simple snippet-matching model	neural representation	action sequences
Hindsight Experience Replay.
hindsight experience replay
Stability Bounds for Non-i.i.d. Processes.
stability bounds
Wavelets on Graphs via Deep Learning.
deep learning
Memorability of Image Regions.
image regions
Style Transfer from Non-Parallel Text by Cross-Alignment.
non-parallel text	style transfer
Consistency of Spectral Partitioning of Uniform Hypergraphs under Planted Partition Model.
planted partition model	uniform hypergraphs	spectral partitioning
A Stochastic approximation method for inference in probabilistic graphical models.
probabilistic graphical models	stochastic approximation method
Accelerating Stochastic Composition Optimization.
accelerating stochastic composition optimization
Mining Internet-Scale Software Repositories.
mining internet-scale software repositories
Regularized Spectral Clustering under the Degree-Corrected Stochastic Blockmodel.
regularized spectral clustering	degree-corrected stochastic blockmodel
Kernel Latent SVM for Visual Recognition.
kernel latent svm	visual recognition
Budgeted stream-based active learning via adaptive submodular maximization.
budgeted stream-based active learning	adaptive submodular maximization
SGD Learns the Conjugate Kernel Class of the Network.
conjugate kernel class	sgd learns
Extended Grassmann Kernels for Subspace-Based Learning.
extended grassmann kernels	subspace-based learning
Deep Symmetry Networks.
deep symmetry networks
Bayesian Synchronous Grammar Induction.
bayesian synchronous grammar induction
Semi-supervised Learning with Ladder Networks.
semi-supervised learning	ladder networks
On the Limitation of Spectral Methods: From the Gaussian Hidden Clique Problem to Rank-One Perturbations of Gaussian Tensors.
gaussian hidden clique problem	gaussian tensors	spectral methods
A Sample Complexity Measure with Applications to Learning Optimal Auctions.
sample complexity measure	learning optimal auctions
Rounding-based Moves for Metric Labeling.
rounding-based moves	metric labeling
Dependent Multinomial Models Made Easy: Stick-Breaking with the Polya-gamma Augmentation.
dependent multinomial models made easy	polya-gamma augmentation
Rate-Agnostic (Causal) Structure Learning.
structure learning
The Reversible Residual Network: Backpropagation Without Storing Activations.
reversible residual network	storing activations
Rigorous Dynamics and Consistent Estimation in Arbitrarily Conditioned Linear Systems.
arbitrarily conditioned linear systems	rigorous dynamics	consistent estimation
Regularizing Deep Neural Networks by Noise: Its Interpretation and Optimization.
regularizing deep neural networks
Gaussian Process Volatility Model.
gaussian process volatility model
Smooth-projected Neighborhood Pursuit for High-dimensional Nonparanormal Graph Estimation.
high-dimensional nonparanormal graph estimation	smooth-projected neighborhood pursuit
Epitome driven 3-D Diffusion Tensor image segmentation: on extracting specific structures.
diffusion tensor image segmentation	epitome driven 3-	extracting specific structures
Simultaneous Sampling and Multi-Structure Fitting with Adaptive Reversible Jump MCMC.
adaptive reversible jump mcmc	multi-structure fitting	simultaneous sampling
DeViSE: A Deep Visual-Semantic Embedding Model.
deep visual-semantic embedding model
Neurons as Monte Carlo Samplers: Bayesian Inference and Learning in Spiking Networks.
monte carlo samplers	spiking networks	bayesian inference
Configuration Estimates Improve Pedestrian Finding.
configuration estimates improve pedestrian finding
Higher-Order Correlation Clustering for Image Segmentation.
higher-order correlation clustering	image segmentation
Deep Voice 2: Multi-Speaker Neural Text-to-Speech.
multi-speaker neural text-to-speech	deep voice 2
Sparse Bayesian Multi-Task Learning.
sparse bayesian multi-task learning
Subset Selection under Noise.
subset selection
A Credit Assignment Compiler for Joint Prediction.
credit assignment compiler	joint prediction
Mind the Duality Gap: Logarithmic regret algorithms for online optimization.
logarithmic regret algorithms	duality gap	online optimization
Efficient Offline Communication Policies for Factored Multiagent POMDPs.
efficient offline communication policies	factored multiagent pomdps
Exponential Concentration for Mutual Information Estimation with Application to Forests.
mutual information estimation	exponential concentration
Asymptotically Optimal Regularization in Smooth Parametric Models.
asymptotically optimal regularization	smooth parametric models
Machine Teaching for Bayesian Learners in the Exponential Family.
exponential family	bayesian learners	machine teaching
Selecting Diverse Features via Spectral Regularization.
selecting diverse features	spectral regularization
Structured output regression for detection with partial truncation.
structured output regression	partial truncation
Random Projection Trees Revisited.
random projection trees revisited
MAP Inference for Bayesian Inverse Reinforcement Learning.
bayesian inverse reinforcement learning	map inference
Demixed Principal Component Analysis.
demixed principal component analysis
Interaction Networks for Learning about Objects, Relations and Physics.
interaction networks
(Almost) No Label No Cry.
cry
Stochastic Online AUC Maximization.
stochastic online auc maximization
Minimizing Regret on Reflexive Banach Spaces and Nash Equilibria in Continuous Zero-Sum Games.
continuous zero-sum games	reflexive banach spaces	minimizing regret	nash equilibria
Matrix Completion from Fewer Entries: Spectral Detectability and Rank Estimation.
rank estimation	fewer entries	matrix completion	spectral detectability
Semi-supervised Regression via Parallel Field Regularization.
parallel field regularization	semi-supervised regression
On Mixtures of Markov Chains.
markov chains
Clustering with Bregman Divergences: an Asymptotic Analysis.
asymptotic analysis	bregman divergences
Learning the 2-D Topology of Images.
images
GAP Safe Screening Rules for Sparse-Group Lasso.
gap safe screening rules	sparse-group lasso
Distributed Balanced Clustering via Mapping Coresets.
distributed balanced clustering	mapping coresets
Optimistic Gittins Indices.
optimistic gittins indices
Convex Multi-view Subspace Learning.
convex multi-view subspace learning
k*-Nearest Neighbors: From Global to Local.
*-nearest neighbors
Neural Reconstruction with Approximate Message Passing (NeuRAMP).
approximate message passing	neural reconstruction
Pitfalls in EEG-Based Brain Effective Connectivity Analysis.
eeg-based brain effective connectivity analysis
Repeated Inverse Reinforcement Learning.
repeated inverse reinforcement learning
The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Structured Random Orthogonal Embeddings.
structured random orthogonal embeddings	unreasonable effectiveness
MarrNet: 3D Shape Reconstruction via 2.5D Sketches.
3d shape reconstruction	5d sketches
Mixed Robust/Average Submodular Partitioning: Fast Algorithms, Guarantees, and Applications.
mixed robust/average submodular partitioning	fast algorithms
Hypothesis Transfer Learning via Transformation Functions.
hypothesis transfer learning	transformation functions
A message-passing algorithm for multi-agent trajectory planning.
multi-agent trajectory planning	message-passing algorithm
The variational hierarchical EM algorithm for clustering hidden Markov models.
variational hierarchical em algorithm	clustering hidden markov models
An Active Learning Framework using Sparse-Graph Codes for Sparse Polynomials and Graph Sketching.
active learning framework	graph sketching	sparse polynomials	sparse-graph codes
Task-based End-to-end Model Learning in Stochastic Optimization.
task-based end-to-end model learning	stochastic optimization
Neural Expectation Maximization.
neural expectation maximization
Multi-Objective Non-parametric Sequential Prediction.
multi-objective non-parametric sequential prediction
Iterative Non-linear Dimensionality Reduction with Manifold Sculpting.
iterative non-linear dimensionality reduction	manifold sculpting
Modeling Clutter Perception using Parametric Proto-object Partitioning.
modeling clutter perception	parametric proto-object partitioning
New Adaptive Algorithms for Online Classification.
online classification	adaptive algorithms
Curvature and Optimal Algorithms for Learning and Minimizing Submodular Functions.
minimizing submodular functions	optimal algorithms
Large Scale Nonparametric Bayesian Inference: Data Parallelisation in the Indian Buffet Process.
large scale nonparametric bayesian inference	indian buffet process	data parallelisation
An ideal observer model of infant object perception.
infant object perception	ideal observer model
Optimizing F-Measures by Cost-Sensitive Classification.
optimizing f-measures	cost-sensitive classification
Spectral Clustering with Perturbed Data.
spectral clustering	perturbed data
Semi-Supervised Learning with Adversarially Missing Label Information.
adversarially missing label information	semi-supervised learning
Multi-Armed Bandits with Metric Movement Costs.
metric movement costs	multi-armed bandits
Subspace Clustering with Irrelevant Features via Robust Dantzig Selector.
robust dantzig selector	irrelevant features	subspace clustering
Beyond Actions: Discriminative Models for Contextual Group Activities.
contextual group activities	discriminative models
CMA-ES with Optimal Covariance Update and Storage Complexity.
optimal covariance update	storage complexity
Continuous Time Particle Filtering for fMRI.
continuous time particle filtering
Unsupervised Sequence Classification using Sequential Output Statistics.
unsupervised sequence classification	sequential output statistics
Bayesian Kernel Shaping for Learning Control.
bayesian kernel shaping	learning control
Optimal Tagging with Markov Chain Optimization.
markov chain optimization	optimal tagging
A Bayesian Approach to Concept Drift.
concept drift	bayesian approach
Policy gradients in linearly-solvable MDPs.
policy gradients	linearly-solvable mdps
A Pseudo-Bayesian Algorithm for Robust PCA.
pseudo-bayesian algorithm	robust pca
Learning word embeddings efficiently with noise-contrastive estimation.
learning word embeddings efficiently	noise-contrastive estimation
Learning Multi-channel Deep Feature Representations for Face Recognition.
learning multi-channel deep feature representations	face recognition
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 30: Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems 2017, 4-9 December 2017, Long Beach, CA, USA
neural information processing systems 30	neural information processing systems 2017	annual conference	4-9 december 2017	long beach
Inferring neural population dynamics from multiple partial recordings of the same neural circuit.
inferring neural population dynamics	multiple partial recordings	neural circuit
Sublinear Time Orthogonal Tensor Decomposition.
sublinear time orthogonal tensor decomposition
Parallel Sampling of DP Mixture Models using Sub-Cluster Splits.
dp mixture models	parallel sampling	sub-cluster splits
Convolutional Neural Fabrics.
convolutional neural fabrics
Constructing Skill Trees for Reinforcement Learning Agents from Demonstration Trajectories.
constructing skill trees	reinforcement learning agents	demonstration trajectories
GenDeR: A Generic Diversified Ranking Algorithm.
generic diversified ranking algorithm
Individuation, Identification and Object Discovery.
object discovery
Probabilistic n-Choose-k Models for Classification and Ranking.
probabilistic n-choose-
Learning to localise sounds with spiking neural networks.
spiking neural networks	localise sounds
Multiclass Total Variation Clustering.
multiclass total variation clustering
Deep Lattice Networks and Partial Monotonic Functions.
partial monotonic functions	deep lattice networks
Ancestor Sampling for Particle Gibbs.
particle gibbs	ancestor sampling
A Nonparametric Conjugate Prior Distribution for the Maximizing Argument of a Noisy Function.
nonparametric conjugate prior distribution	maximizing argument	noisy function
Learning Large-Scale Poisson DAG Models based on OverDispersion Scoring.
learning large-scale poisson dag models based	overdispersion scoring
On the consistency theory of high dimensional variable screening.
high dimensional variable screening	consistency theory
Provable Subspace Clustering: When LRR meets SSC.
provable subspace clustering	lrr meets ssc
Potential-Based Agnostic Boosting.
potential-based agnostic boosting
Sequential Monte Carlo for Graphical Models.
sequential monte carlo	graphical models
Deep ADMM-Net for Compressive Sensing MRI.
compressive sensing mri	deep admm-net
Predtron: A Family of Online Algorithms for General Prediction Problems.
general prediction problems	online algorithms
Compressed Least-Squares Regression.
compressed least-squares regression
Buy-in-Bulk Active Learning.
buy-in-bulk active learning
Active Learning from Imperfect Labelers.
imperfect labelers	active learning
Deterministic Symmetric Positive Semidefinite Matrix Completion.
deterministic symmetric positive semidefinite matrix completion
Space-Variant Single-Image Blind Deconvolution for Removing Camera Shake.
space-variant single-image blind deconvolution	removing camera shake
On-the-Job Learning with Bayesian Decision Theory.
bayesian decision theory	on-the-job learning
Learning Disentangled Representations with Semi-Supervised Deep Generative Models.
semi-supervised deep generative models	learning disentangled representations
Visalogy: Answering Visual Analogy Questions.
answering visual analogy questions
Proximal Deep Structured Models.
proximal deep structured models
Conditional Image Generation with PixelCNN Decoders.
conditional image generation	pixelcnn decoders
Learning in Hilbert vs. Banach Spaces: A Measure Embedding Viewpoint.
measure embedding viewpoint	banach spaces
Nash Equilibria of Static Prediction Games.
static prediction games	nash equilibria
Model-Based Relative Entropy Stochastic Search.
model-based relative entropy stochastic search
Machine Learning and Interpretation in Neuroimaging - 4th International Workshop, MLINI 2014, Held at NIPS 2014, Montreal, QC, Canada, December 13, 2014, Revised Selected Papers
4th international workshop	revised selected papers	machine learning
Analysis of Robust PCA via Local Incoherence.
robust pca	local incoherence
Global Analytic Solution for Variational Bayesian Matrix Factorization.
variational bayesian matrix factorization	global analytic solution
A Bayesian Analysis of Dynamics in Free Recall.
free recall	bayesian analysis
Robustness of classifiers: from adversarial to random noise.
random noise
An Empirical Analysis of Domain Adaptation Algorithms for Genomic Sequence Analysis.
domain adaptation algorithms	genomic sequence analysis	empirical analysis
On the Statistical Consistency of Plug-in Classifiers for Non-decomposable Performance Measures.
non-decomposable performance measures	statistical consistency
Doubly Convolutional Neural Networks.
doubly convolutional neural networks
Interval Estimation for Reinforcement-Learning Algorithms in Continuous-State Domains.
continuous-state domains	interval estimation	reinforcement-learning algorithms
A Novel Two-Step Method for Cross Language Representation Learning.
cross language representation learning	two-step method
Learning the Local Statistics of Optical Flow.
optical flow	local statistics
Dynamic Importance Sampling for Anytime Bounds of the Partition Function.
dynamic importance sampling	partition function	anytime bounds
Pass-efficient unsupervised feature selection.
pass-efficient unsupervised feature selection
Finding Latent Causes in Causal Networks: an Efficient Approach Based on Markov Blankets.
efficient approach based	markov blankets	finding latent	causal networks
On the Consistency of Quick Shift.
quick shift
Matrix Completion from Noisy Entries.
noisy entries	matrix completion
Consistent Kernel Mean Estimation for Functions of Random Variables.
random variables	consistent kernel
Estimating Spatial Layout of Rooms using Volumetric Reasoning about Objects and Surfaces.
estimating spatial layout	volumetric reasoning
Clustering with Noisy Queries.
noisy queries
Learning Time-Varying Coverage Functions.
learning time-varying coverage functions
A Bayesian Model for Simultaneous Image Clustering, Annotation and Object Segmentation.
simultaneous image clustering	bayesian model	object segmentation
Rectified Factor Networks.
rectified factor networks
Local Gaussian Process Regression for Real Time Online Model Learning.
real time online model learning	local gaussian process regression
Bayesian optimization under mixed constraints with a slack-variable augmented Lagrangian.
slack-variable augmented lagrangian	mixed constraints	bayesian optimization
Clustering via LP-based Stabilities.
lp-based stabilities
Efficient Output Kernel Learning for Multiple Tasks.
efficient output kernel learning	multiple tasks
Bayesian Inference for Spiking Neuron Models with a Sparsity Prior.
spiking neuron models	sparsity prior	bayesian inference
Real-Time Inference for a Gamma Process Model of Neural Spiking.
gamma process model	neural spiking	real-time inference
Statistical Cost Sharing.
statistical cost sharing
FACTORIE: Probabilistic Programming via Imperatively Defined Factor Graphs.
imperatively defined factor graphs	probabilistic programming
DISCO Nets : DISsimilarity COefficients Networks.
dissimilarity coefficients networks	disco nets
Gaussian process regression with Student-t likelihood.
gaussian process regression
Graph Clustering: Block-models and model free results.
model free results	graph clustering
MCMC for continuous-time discrete-state systems.
continuous-time discrete-state systems
k-Prototype Learning for 3D Rigid Structures.
3d rigid structures	k-prototype learning
Statistical Model Criticism using Kernel Two Sample Tests.
statistical model criticism	sample tests
Estimation with Norm Regularization.
norm regularization
Stein Variational Gradient Descent: A General Purpose Bayesian Inference Algorithm.
general purpose bayesian inference algorithm	stein variational gradient descent
Lower bounds on minimax rates for nonparametric regression with additive sparsity and smoothness.
minimax rates	lower bounds	additive sparsity	nonparametric regression
When Worlds Collide: Integrating Different Counterfactual Assumptions in Fairness.
counterfactual assumptions	worlds collide
Global Belief Recursive Neural Networks.
global belief recursive neural networks
RNADE: The real-valued neural autoregressive density-estimator.
real-valued neural autoregressive density-estimator
Fiedler Random Fields: A Large-Scale Spectral Approach to Statistical Network Modeling.
fiedler random fields	statistical network modeling	large-scale spectral approach
Synchronization can Control Regularization in Neural Systems via Correlated Noise Processes.
correlated noise processes	control regularization	neural systems
Stochastic and Adversarial Online Learning without Hyperparameters.
adversarial online learning
Sparse Approximate Conic Hulls.
sparse approximate conic hulls
Multivariate Dyadic Regression Trees for Sparse Learning Problems.
multivariate dyadic regression trees	sparse learning problems
k-NN Regression Adapts to Local Intrinsic Dimension.
k-nn regression adapts	local intrinsic dimension
CRF-CNN: Modeling Structured Information in Human Pose Estimation.
human pose estimation	modeling structured information
Catching Up Faster in Bayesian Model Selection and Model Averaging.
bayesian model selection	model averaging
Non-parametric Modeling of Partially Ranked Data.
partially ranked data	non-parametric modeling
Near-Optimal Smoothing of Structured Conditional Probability Matrices.
structured conditional probability matrices	near-optimal smoothing
Local Rules for Global MAP: When Do They Work ?
global map	local rules
Adaptive Low-Complexity Sequential Inference for Dirichlet Process Mixture Models.
adaptive low-complexity sequential inference	dirichlet process mixture models
Learning to Segment Object Candidates.
segment object candidates
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 27: Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems 2014, December 8-13 2014, Montreal, Quebec, Canada
neural information processing systems 27	neural information processing systems 2014	annual conference	december 8-13 2014
Understanding the Intrinsic Memorability of Images.
intrinsic memorability
Riemannian approach to batch normalization.
batch normalization	riemannian approach
On Top-k Selection in Multi-Armed Bandits and Hidden Bipartite Graphs.
hidden bipartite graphs	multi-armed bandits
Consistent Robust Regression.
consistent robust regression
Group Additive Structure Identification for Kernel Nonparametric Regression.
group additive structure identification	kernel nonparametric regression
A biologically plausible network for the computation of orientation dominance.
biologically plausible network	orientation dominance
Context Selection for Embedding Models.
context selection	embedding models
The Generalized FITC Approximation.
generalized fitc approximation
Flexible sampling of discrete data correlations without the marginal distributions.
discrete data correlations	marginal distributions	flexible sampling
Learning Stochastic Inverses.
learning stochastic inverses
A Discriminative Latent Model of Image Region and Object Tag Correspondence.
object tag correspondence	discriminative latent model	image region
Sharing Features among Dynamical Systems with Beta Processes.
sharing features	beta processes	dynamical systems
Speedup Matrix Completion with Side Information: Application to Multi-Label Learning.
speedup matrix completion	multi-label learning	side information
Efficient coding of natural images with a population of noisy Linear-Nonlinear neurons.
noisy linear-nonlinear neurons	efficient coding	natural images
Label Ranking with Partial Abstention based on Thresholded Probabilistic Models.
partial abstention based	thresholded probabilistic models	label ranking
ICA with Reconstruction Cost for Efficient Overcomplete Feature Learning.
efficient overcomplete feature learning	reconstruction cost
On the Sample Complexity of Robust PCA.
robust pca	sample complexity
Accounting for network effects in neuronal responses using L1 regularized point process models.
l1 regularized point process models	neuronal responses	network effects
Variational Bayesian Learning of Sparse Representations and Its Application in Functional Neuroimaging.
variational bayesian learning	sparse representations	functional neuroimaging
Learning a Deep Compact Image Representation for Visual Tracking.
deep compact image representation	visual tracking
Unsupervised Spectral Learning of Finite State Transducers.
finite state transducers	unsupervised spectral learning
Learning Anchor Planes for Classification.
learning anchor planes
f-GAN: Training Generative Neural Samplers using Variational Divergence Minimization.
training generative neural samplers	variational divergence minimization
Sparsistent Learning of Varying-coefficient Models with Structural Changes.
sparsistent learning	varying-coefficient models
On a Theory of Nonparametric Pairwise Similarity for Clustering: Connecting Clustering to Classification.
nonparametric pairwise similarity
Coin Betting and Parameter-Free Online Learning.
parameter-free online learning	coin betting
InfoGAIL: Interpretable Imitation Learning from Visual Demonstrations.
interpretable imitation learning	visual demonstrations
The limits of squared Euclidean distance regularization.
squared euclidean distance regularization
The Importance of Communities for Learning to Influence.
importance
Multiscale Dictionary Learning for Estimating Conditional Distributions.
estimating conditional distributions	multiscale dictionary learning
A Block-Coordinate Descent Approach for Large-scale Sparse Inverse Covariance Estimation.
large-scale sparse inverse covariance estimation	block-coordinate descent approach
Transelliptical Component Analysis.
transelliptical component analysis
Distributed k-means and k-median clustering on general communication topologies.
general communication topologies	k-median clustering	distributed k-means
Domain Adaptation with Multiple Sources.
domain adaptation	multiple sources
Improved Error Bounds for Tree Representations of Metric Spaces.
improved error bounds	tree representations	metric spaces
A Filtering Approach to Stochastic Variational Inference.
stochastic variational inference	filtering approach
Structured sparsity-inducing norms through submodular functions.
structured sparsity-inducing norms	submodular functions
Speeding Up Latent Variable Gaussian Graphical Model Estimation via Nonconvex Optimization.
latent variable gaussian graphical model estimation	nonconvex optimization
Covariance-Controlled Adaptive Langevin Thermostat for Large-Scale Bayesian Sampling.
covariance-controlled adaptive langevin thermostat	large-scale bayesian sampling
Fitting Low-Rank Tensors in Constant Time.
fitting low-rank tensors	constant time
Global Solution of Fully-Observed Variational Bayesian Matrix Factorization is Column-Wise Independent.
fully-observed variational bayesian matrix factorization	column-wise independent	global solution
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 28: Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems 2015, December 7-12, 2015, Montreal, Quebec, Canada
neural information processing systems 2015	neural information processing systems 28	annual conference	december 7-12
Dynamic Network Surgery for Efficient DNNs.
dynamic network surgery	efficient dnns
Scalable Inference for Logistic-Normal Topic Models.
logistic-normal topic models	scalable inference
Optimal prior-dependent neural population codes under shared input noise.
optimal prior-dependent neural population codes	shared input noise
Efficient Thompson Sampling for Online Matrix-Factorization Recommendation.
online matrix-factorization recommendation	efficient thompson sampling
Group Sparse Coding.
group sparse coding
Dependence of Orientation Tuning on Recurrent Excitation and Inhibition in a Network Model of V1.
recurrent excitation	orientation tuning	network model
Inference in Graphical Models via Semidefinite Programming Hierarchies.
semidefinite programming hierarchies	graphical models
Unsupervised Risk Estimation Using Only Conditional Independence Structure.
unsupervised risk estimation	conditional independence structure
Inverse Filtering for Hidden Markov Models.
hidden markov models	inverse filtering
Implicitly Constrained Gaussian Process Regression for Monocular Non-Rigid Pose Estimation.
implicitly constrained gaussian process regression	monocular non-rigid pose estimation
Predictive Entropy Search for Efficient Global Optimization of Black-box Functions.
efficient global optimization	predictive entropy search	black-box functions
Beyond Spectral Clustering - Tight Relaxations of Balanced Graph Cuts.
balanced graph cuts	spectral clustering	tight relaxations
Modeling Overlapping Communities with Node Popularities.
modeling overlapping communities	node popularities
Mixture-Rank Matrix Approximation for Collaborative Filtering.
mixture-rank matrix approximation	collaborative filtering
Tree-Guided MCMC Inference for Normalized Random Measure Mixture Models.
normalized random measure mixture models	tree-guided mcmc inference
A Model for Temporal Dependencies in Event Streams.
temporal dependencies	event streams
A Marginalized Particle Gaussian Process Regression.
marginalized particle gaussian process regression
Sparse Additive Text Models with Low Rank Background.
sparse additive text models	low rank background
On the Model Shrinkage Effect of Gamma Process Edge Partition Models.
gamma process edge partition models	model shrinkage effect
Learning Hidden Markov Models from Non-sequence Data via Tensor Decomposition.
learning hidden markov models	non-sequence data	tensor decomposition
Expectation Propagation with Stochastic Kinetic Model in Complex Interaction Systems.
stochastic kinetic model	complex interaction systems	expectation propagation
FastEx: Hash Clustering with Exponential Families.
exponential families	hash clustering
Unsupervised Structure Learning of Stochastic And-Or Grammars.
unsupervised structure learning	stochastic and-
Correlations strike back (again): the case of associative memory retrieval.
correlations strike back	associative memory retrieval
Modeling Social Annotation Data with Content Relevance using a Topic Model.
modeling social annotation data	content relevance	topic model
Hierarchical Feature Extraction for Efficient Design of Microfluidic Flow Patterns.
hierarchical feature extraction	microfluidic flow patterns	efficient design
Approximating Sparse PCA from Incomplete Data.
approximating sparse pca	incomplete data
Global Optimality of Local Search for Low Rank Matrix Recovery.
low rank matrix recovery	local search	global optimality
Neural system identification for large populations separating "what" and "where".
large populations separating	neural system identification
Stochastic Multiple Choice Learning for Training Diverse Deep Ensembles.
training diverse deep ensembles	stochastic multiple choice learning
A Minimax Approach to Supervised Learning.
minimax approach	supervised learning
Structured Sparse Regression via Greedy Hard Thresholding.
structured sparse regression	greedy hard thresholding
An Online Sequence-to-Sequence Model Using Partial Conditioning.
online sequence-to-sequence model	partial conditioning
Small-Variance Asymptotics for Hidden Markov Models.
hidden markov models	small-variance asymptotics
A Convergent O(n) Temporal-difference Algorithm for Off-policy Learning with Linear Function Approximation.
linear function approximation	temporal-difference algorithm	off-policy learning
Robust Multimodal Graph Matching: Sparse Coding Meets Graph Matching.
sparse coding meets graph matching	robust multimodal graph matching
Non-Linear Domain Adaptation with Boosting.
non-linear domain adaptation
A Sharp Error Analysis for the Fused Lasso, with Application to Approximate Changepoint Screening.
sharp error analysis	approximate changepoint screening	fused lasso
Human Active Learning.
human active learning
Local Smoothness in Variance Reduced Optimization.
variance reduced optimization	local smoothness
Rethinking LDA: Why Priors Matter.
rethinking lda	priors matter
Improving Human Judgments by Decontaminating Sequential Dependencies.
improving human judgments	decontaminating sequential dependencies
Distributed Flexible Nonlinear Tensor Factorization.
distributed flexible nonlinear tensor factorization
Greedy Feature Construction.
greedy feature construction
A Pseudo-Euclidean Iteration for Optimal Recovery in Noisy ICA.
pseudo-euclidean iteration	optimal recovery	noisy ica
Learning Low-Dimensional Metrics.
learning low-dimensional metrics
Hippocampal Contributions to Control: The Third Way.
hippocampal contributions
SDP Relaxation with Randomized Rounding for Energy Disaggregation.
sdp relaxation	energy disaggregation	randomized rounding
Efficient and Flexible Inference for Stochastic Systems.
flexible inference	stochastic systems
Boosting Algorithms for Maximizing the Soft Margin.
soft margin	boosting algorithms
Non-Parametric Bayesian Dictionary Learning for Sparse Image Representations.
non-parametric bayesian dictionary learning	sparse image representations
Manifold Embeddings for Model-Based Reinforcement Learning under Partial Observability.
model-based reinforcement learning	manifold embeddings	partial observability
Nonrigid Structure from Motion in Trajectory Space.
nonrigid structure	trajectory space
Probabilistic Linear Multistep Methods.
probabilistic linear multistep methods
Bootstrapping Apprenticeship Learning.
bootstrapping apprenticeship learning
A concave regularization technique for sparse mixture models.
sparse mixture models	concave regularization technique
Structural epitome: a way to summarize one's visual experience.
visual experience	structural epitome
Preconditioned Spectral Descent for Deep Learning.
preconditioned spectral descent	deep learning
A Neural Autoregressive Topic Model.
neural autoregressive topic model
Provable Efficient Online Matrix Completion via Non-convex Stochastic Gradient Descent.
provable efficient online matrix completion	non-convex stochastic gradient descent
Optimal Shrinkage of Singular Values Under Random Data Contamination.
random data contamination	singular values	optimal shrinkage
Simple and Scalable Predictive Uncertainty Estimation using Deep Ensembles.
scalable predictive uncertainty estimation	deep ensembles
Stochastic Gradient Methods for Distributionally Robust Optimization with f-divergences.
stochastic gradient methods	distributionally robust optimization
A Bayesian method for reducing bias in neural representational similarity analysis.
neural representational similarity analysis	reducing bias	bayesian method
Semi-Supervised Domain Adaptation with Non-Parametric Copulas.
semi-supervised domain adaptation	non-parametric copulas
Provable Submodular Minimization using Wolfe's Algorithm.
provable submodular minimization
Canonical Time Warping for Alignment of Human Behavior.
canonical time warping	human behavior
Variational inference for Markov jump processes.
markov jump processes	variational inference
Reconciling Real Scores with Binary Comparisons: A New Logistic Based Model for Ranking.
logistic based model	reconciling real scores	binary comparisons
Finite Sample Prediction and Recovery Bounds for Ordinal Embedding.
finite sample prediction	ordinal embedding	recovery bounds
Tomography of the London Underground: a Scalable Model for Origin-Destination Data.
scalable model	origin-destination data	london underground
Distributed Variational Inference in Sparse Gaussian Process Regression and Latent Variable Models.
sparse gaussian process regression	latent variable models	distributed variational inference
Active Learning from Peers.
active learning
Analyzing human feature learning as nonparametric Bayesian inference.
analyzing human feature learning	nonparametric bayesian inference
Integrated Non-Factorized Variational Inference.
integrated non-factorized variational inference
On Flat versus Hierarchical Classification in Large-Scale Taxonomies.
flat versus hierarchical classification	large-scale taxonomies
Tagger: Deep Unsupervised Perceptual Grouping.
deep unsupervised perceptual grouping
Matching Networks for One Shot Learning.
shot learning	matching networks
Sparse PCA with Oracle Property.
sparse pca	oracle property
Minimum Weight Perfect Matching via Blossom Belief Propagation.
minimum weight perfect matching	blossom belief propagation
Fast High-dimensional Kernel Summations Using the Monte Carlo Multipole Method.
monte carlo multipole method	fast high-dimensional kernel summations
Deep Learning without Poor Local Minima.
poor local minima	deep learning
Improving PAC Exploration Using the Median Of Means.
improving pac exploration
Kernel Mean Estimation via Spectral Filtering.
spectral filtering
Factoring Variations in Natural Images with Deep Gaussian Mixture Models.
deep gaussian mixture models	factoring variations	natural images
Fast Mixing Markov Chains for Strongly Rayleigh Measures, DPPs, and Constrained Sampling.
fast mixing markov chains	strongly rayleigh measures	constrained sampling
Greedy Algorithms for Structurally Constrained High Dimensional Problems.
structurally constrained high dimensional problems	greedy algorithms
Learning Networks of Heterogeneous Influence.
learning networks	heterogeneous influence
Complexity of Inference in Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
latent dirichlet allocation
Learning to Pass Expectation Propagation Messages.
pass expectation propagation messages
A Boosting Framework on Grounds of Online Learning.
boosting framework	online learning
Density Estimation under Independent Similarly Distributed Sampling Assumptions.
independent similarly distributed sampling assumptions	density estimation
Testing Closeness With Unequal Sized Samples.
unequal sized samples	testing closeness
Efficient inference in matrix-variate Gaussian models with \\iid observation noise.
matrix-variate gaussian models	iid observation noise	efficient inference
Deep Visual Analogy-Making.
deep visual analogy-making
Subspace Embeddings for the Polynomial Kernel.
polynomial kernel	subspace embeddings
A Universal Analysis of Large-Scale Regularized Least Squares Solutions.
large-scale regularized	universal analysis	squares solutions
Projection onto A Nonnegative Max-Heap.
nonnegative max-heap
Approximating Semidefinite Programs in Sublinear Time.
approximating semidefinite programs	sublinear time
Market Scoring Rules Act As Opinion Pools For Risk-Averse Agents.
market scoring rules act	opinion pools	risk-averse agents
Projective dictionary pair learning for pattern classification.
projective dictionary pair learning	pattern classification
Lifted Inference Rules With Constraints.
lifted inference rules
A Unified Approach to Interpreting Model Predictions.
interpreting model predictions	unified approach
Riemannian SVRG: Fast Stochastic Optimization on Riemannian Manifolds.
fast stochastic optimization	riemannian manifolds	riemannian svrg
On Bootstrapping the ROC Curve.
roc curve
Online F-Measure Optimization.
online f-measure optimization
Semi-Separable Hamiltonian Monte Carlo for Inference in Bayesian Hierarchical Models.
semi-separable hamiltonian monte carlo	bayesian hierarchical models
Learning Graph Representations with Embedding Propagation.
learning graph representations	embedding propagation
An Infinite Factor Model Hierarchy Via a Noisy-Or Mechanism.
infinite factor model hierarchy
Solving Stochastic Games.
solving stochastic games
Nonlinear Inverse Reinforcement Learning with Gaussian Processes.
nonlinear inverse reinforcement learning	gaussian processes
Online Optimization for Max-Norm Regularization.
online optimization	max-norm regularization
Sum-of-Squares Lower Bounds for Sparse PCA.
sum-of-squares lower bounds	sparse pca
Learning with Noisy Labels.
noisy labels
Dimensionality Reduction Using the Sparse Linear Model.
sparse linear model	dimensionality reduction
Shaping Social Activity by Incentivizing Users.
shaping social activity	incentivizing users
Deep Knowledge Tracing.
deep knowledge tracing
Characterizing response behavior in multisensory perception with conflicting cues.
characterizing response behavior	multisensory perception	conflicting cues
Predicting Clinically Definite Multiple Sclerosis from Onset Using SVM.
predicting clinically definite multiple sclerosis
A Scalable Hierarchical Distributed Language Model.
scalable hierarchical distributed language model
Reinforcement Learning using Kernel-Based Stochastic Factorization.
kernel-based stochastic factorization	reinforcement learning
Spectral Learning of Dynamic Systems from Nonequilibrium Data.
nonequilibrium data	dynamic systems	spectral learning
Understanding Brain Connectivity Patterns during Motor Imagery for Brain-Computer Interfacing.
understanding brain connectivity patterns	brain-computer interfacing	motor imagery
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 23: 24th Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems 2010. Proceedings of a meeting held 6-9 December 2010, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
meeting held 6-9 december 2010	neural information processing systems 2010	neural information processing systems 23	24th annual conference	british columbia
Multivariate f-divergence Estimation With Confidence.
multivariate f-divergence estimation
Statistical Active Learning Algorithms.
statistical active learning algorithms
Selecting the State-Representation in Reinforcement Learning.
reinforcement learning
Bayesian Belief Polarization.
bayesian belief polarization
Stress, noradrenaline, and realistic prediction of mouse behaviour using reinforcement learning.
realistic prediction	reinforcement learning	mouse behaviour
Compressive Feature Learning.
compressive feature learning
Confidence Sets for Network Structure.
network structure	confidence sets
Sparse Signal Recovery Using Markov Random Fields.
markov random fields	sparse signal recovery
Toward Provably Correct Feature Selection in Arbitrary Domains.
provably correct feature selection	arbitrary domains
Latent Structured Active Learning.
latent structured active learning
Joint Training of a Convolutional Network and a Graphical Model for Human Pose Estimation.
human pose estimation	joint training	convolutional network	graphical model
"Natural Images, Gaussian Mixtures and Dead Leaves".
gaussian mixtures	natural images	dead leaves
Learning Shuffle Ideals Under Restricted Distributions.
learning shuffle ideals	restricted distributions
The Generalized Reparameterization Gradient.
generalized reparameterization gradient
Stochastic Online Greedy Learning with Semi-bandit Feedbacks.
stochastic online greedy learning	semi-bandit feedbacks
Estimating time-varying input signals and ion channel states from a single voltage trace of a neuron.
estimating time-varying input signals	ion channel states	single voltage trace
On the Global Linear Convergence of Frank-Wolfe Optimization Variants.
frank-wolfe optimization variants	global linear convergence
Understanding variable importances in forests of randomized trees.
understanding variable importances	randomized trees
Bayesian GAN.
bayesian gan
Characteristic Kernels on Groups and Semigroups.
characteristic kernels
Monte-Carlo Tree Search by Best Arm Identification.
monte-carlo tree search	arm identification
Bayesian Manifold Learning: The Locally Linear Latent Variable Model (LL-LVM).
locally linear latent variable model	bayesian manifold learning
Finite sample analysis of the GTD Policy Evaluation Algorithms in Markov Setting.
gtd policy evaluation algorithms	finite sample analysis	markov setting
Efficient Inference for Distributions on Permutations.
efficient inference
Learning to Rank by Optimizing NDCG Measure.
optimizing ndcg measure
Regularized Off-Policy TD-Learning.
regularized off-policy td-learning
Regularized Boost for Semi-Supervised Learning.
semi-supervised learning	regularized boost
Context-Sensitive Decision Forests for Object Detection.
context-sensitive decision forests	object detection
b-bit Marginal Regression.
b-bit marginal regression
The Kernel Beta Process.
kernel beta process
NeuralFDR: Learning Discovery Thresholds from Hypothesis Features.
learning discovery thresholds	hypothesis features
Incremental Clustering: The Case for Extra Clusters.
extra clusters	incremental clustering
Identifiability and Unmixing of Latent Parse Trees.
latent parse trees
Probabilistic Rule Realization and Selection.
probabilistic rule realization
Adaptive Accelerated Gradient Converging Method under H\\"{o}lderian Error Bound Condition.
adaptive accelerated gradient converging method	}lderian error bound condition
On Fairness and Calibration.
calibration
New Outer Bounds on the Marginal Polytope.
outer bounds	marginal polytope
White Functionals for Anomaly Detection in Dynamical Systems.
white functionals	dynamical systems	anomaly detection
On the Complexity of Linear Prediction: Risk Bounds, Margin Bounds, and Regularization.
risk bounds	margin bounds	linear prediction
Goal-directed decision making in prefrontal cortex: a computational framework.
goal-directed decision making	computational framework	prefrontal cortex
Relative Density-Ratio Estimation for Robust Distribution Comparison.
robust distribution comparison	relative density-ratio estimation
Variational Walkback: Learning a Transition Operator as a Stochastic Recurrent Net.
stochastic recurrent net	transition operator	variational walkback
Minimum description length (MDL) regularization for online learning.
minimum description length	online learning
GibbsNet: Iterative Adversarial Inference for Deep Graphical Models.
deep graphical models	iterative adversarial inference
Understanding the Effective Receptive Field in Deep Convolutional Neural Networks.
deep convolutional neural networks	effective receptive field
Posterior vs Parameter Sparsity in Latent Variable Models.
latent variable models	parameter sparsity
Where are they looking?

Online Learning of Assignments.
online learning
Convolutional Kernel Networks.
convolutional kernel networks
Controllable Invariance through Adversarial Feature Learning.
adversarial feature learning	controllable invariance
Natural Value Approximators: Learning when to Trust Past Estimates.
trust past estimates
A central limit theorem with application to inference in \\(\\alpha\\)-stable regression models.
-stable regression models	central limit theorem
Coded Distributed Computing for Inverse Problems.
coded distributed computing	inverse problems
The Human Kernel.
human kernel
Identifying Alzheimer's Disease-Related Brain Regions from Multi-Modality Neuroimaging Data using Sparse Composite Linear Discrimination Analysis.
sparse composite linear discrimination analysis	disease-related brain regions	multi-modality neuroimaging data	identifying alzheimer
Effects of Synaptic Weight Diffusion on Learning in Decision Making Networks.
synaptic weight diffusion	decision making networks
Learning convolution filters for inverse covariance estimation of neural network connectivity.
neural network connectivity	learning convolution filters	inverse covariance estimation
On the Recursive Teaching Dimension of VC Classes.
recursive teaching dimension	vc classes
Online Learning with Gaussian Payoffs and Side Observations.
online learning	side observations	gaussian payoffs
Parametric Simplex Method for Sparse Learning.
parametric simplex method	sparse learning
Randomized Pruning: Efficiently Calculating Expectations in Large Dynamic Programs.
efficiently calculating expectations	large dynamic programs	randomized pruning
Deliberation Networks: Sequence Generation Beyond One-Pass Decoding.
one-pass decoding	sequence generation	deliberation networks
A Synaptical Story of Persistent Activity with Graded Lifetime in a Neural System.
persistent activity	graded lifetime	neural system	synaptical story
Convolutional Gaussian Processes.
convolutional gaussian processes
Anytime Induction of Cost-sensitive Trees.
anytime induction	cost-sensitive trees
SpikeAnts, a spiking neuron network modelling the emergence of organization in a complex system.
spiking neuron network modelling	complex system
Extracting Certainty from Uncertainty: Transductive Pairwise Classification from Pairwise Similarities.
transductive pairwise classification	pairwise similarities	extracting certainty
Fast Convergence of Regularized Learning in Games.
regularized learning	fast convergence
Lower Bounds for Passive and Active Learning.
lower bounds	active learning
Learning Stochastic Feedforward Neural Networks.
learning stochastic feedforward neural networks
How to Hedge an Option Against an Adversary: Black-Scholes Pricing is Minimax Optimal.
minimax optimal	black-scholes pricing
Neurometric function analysis of population codes.
neurometric function analysis	population codes
A New Feature Selection Method Based on Stability Theory - Exploring Parameters Space to Evaluate Classification Accuracy in Neuroimaging Data.
feature selection method based	exploring parameters space	evaluate classification accuracy	stability theory	neuroimaging data
Learning from Multiple Partially Observed Views - an Application to Multilingual Text Categorization.
multiple partially observed views	multilingual text categorization
Global Solver and Its Efficient Approximation for Variational Bayesian Low-rank Subspace Clustering.
variational bayesian low-rank subspace clustering	efficient approximation	global solver
Man is to Computer Programmer as Woman is to Homemaker? Debiasing Word Embeddings.
debiasing word embeddings	computer programmer
Minimax-optimal Inference from Partial Rankings.
partial rankings	minimax-optimal inference
Learning Multiple Models via Regularized Weighting.
learning multiple models	regularized weighting
Learning from Limited Demonstrations.
limited demonstrations
Learning to Linearize Under Uncertainty.
linearize
Learning Active Learning from Data.
learning active learning
A Generative Model for Parts-based Object Segmentation.
parts-based object segmentation	generative model
ELF: An Extensive, Lightweight and Flexible Research Platform for Real-time Strategy Games.
real-time strategy games	flexible research platform
Spectral learning of linear dynamics from generalised-linear observations with application to neural population data.
neural population data	generalised-linear observations	linear dynamics	spectral learning
Neural Network Model of Semantic Processing in the Remote Associates Test.
remote associates test	neural network model	semantic processing
Clustering Aggregation as Maximum-Weight Independent Set.
maximum-weight independent set	clustering aggregation
Learning Generative Models with Visual Attention.
learning generative models	visual attention
Examples are not enough, learn to criticize! Criticism for Interpretability.
criticism
Neural Universal Discrete Denoiser.
neural universal discrete denoiser
Dynamic-Depth Context Tree Weighting.
dynamic-depth context tree weighting
Random Projections for $k$-means Clustering.
random projections	$-means clustering
A Comprehensive Linear Speedup Analysis for Asynchronous Stochastic Parallel Optimization from Zeroth-Order to First-Order.
comprehensive linear speedup analysis	asynchronous stochastic parallel optimization
Statistical Inference for Cluster Trees.
statistical inference	cluster trees
Adaptive dropout for training deep neural networks.
training deep neural networks	adaptive dropout
Approximating MAP by Compensating for Structural Relaxations.
structural relaxations	approximating map
Crowdsourced Clustering: Querying Edges vs Triangles.
querying edges	crowdsourced clustering
Positive-Unlabeled Learning with Non-Negative Risk Estimator.
non-negative risk estimator	positive-unlabeled learning
How regularization affects the critical points in linear networks.
linear networks	regularization affects	critical points
Polar Operators for Structured Sparse Estimation.
structured sparse estimation	polar operators
Discriminative Robust Transformation Learning.
discriminative robust transformation learning
Generating more realistic images using gated MRF's.
realistic images	gated mrf
Transduction with Matrix Completion: Three Birds with One Stone.
matrix completion
Iterative Refinement of the Approximate Posterior for Directed Belief Networks.
directed belief networks	iterative refinement	approximate posterior
Linear Time Computation of Moments in Sum-Product Networks.
linear time computation	sum-product networks
Learning curves for multi-task Gaussian process regression.
multi-task gaussian process regression	learning curves
Noise-Tolerant Life-Long Matrix Completion via Adaptive Sampling.
noise-tolerant life-long matrix completion	adaptive sampling
Robust Classification Under Sample Selection Bias.
sample selection bias	robust classification
Concrete Dropout.
concrete dropout
The Bethe Partition Function of Log-supermodular Graphical Models.
bethe partition function	log-supermodular graphical models
Clustering Billions of Reads for DNA Data Storage.
dna data storage	clustering billions
Online Robust PCA via Stochastic Optimization.
online robust pca	stochastic optimization
Safe and Efficient Off-Policy Reinforcement Learning.
efficient off-policy reinforcement learning
Fast and Accurate Inference of Plackett-Luce Models.
accurate inference	plackett-luce models
Preface.
preface
Integration Methods and Optimization Algorithms.
optimization algorithms	integration methods
Learning From Weakly Supervised Data by The Expectation Loss SVM (e-SVM) algorithm.
expectation loss svm	weakly supervised data
Structured Learning for Cell Tracking.
cell tracking	structured learning
Inter-domain Gaussian Processes for Sparse Inference using Inducing Features.
inter-domain gaussian processes	inducing features	sparse inference
Scalable Adaptation of State Complexity for Nonparametric Hidden Markov Models.
nonparametric hidden markov models	state complexity	scalable adaptation
Cluster Stability for Finite Samples.
finite samples	cluster stability
Parallel Direction Method of Multipliers.
parallel direction method
Fast Randomized Kernel Ridge Regression with Statistical Guarantees.
fast randomized kernel ridge regression	statistical guarantees
Learning the structure of manifolds using random projections.
random projections
Mind the Nuisance: Gaussian Process Classification using Privileged Noise.
gaussian process classification	privileged noise
The Infinite Gamma-Poisson Feature Model.
infinite gamma-poisson feature model
Multistage Campaigning in Social Networks.
multistage campaigning	social networks
Boosting with Spatial Regularization.
spatial regularization
Value Prediction Network.
prediction network
Blazing the trails before beating the path: Sample-efficient Monte-Carlo planning.
sample-efficient monte-carlo planning
Performance analysis for L_2 kernel classification.
l_2 kernel classification	performance analysis
Learning Bounds for Importance Weighting.
learning bounds	importance weighting
FilterBoost: Regression and Classification on Large Datasets.
large datasets
SVD-Softmax: Fast Softmax Approximation on Large Vocabulary Neural Networks.
large vocabulary neural networks	fast softmax approximation
Implicit Mixtures of Restricted Boltzmann Machines.
restricted boltzmann machines	implicit mixtures
Learning Linear Dynamical Systems via Spectral Filtering.
learning linear dynamical systems	spectral filtering
Deep Generative Image Models using a Laplacian Pyramid of Adversarial Networks.
deep generative image models	laplacian pyramid	adversarial networks
Tensor Decomposition for Fast Parsing with Latent-Variable PCFGs.
tensor decomposition	latent-variable pcfgs	fast parsing
Fast Kernel Learning for Multidimensional Pattern Extrapolation.
multidimensional pattern extrapolation	fast kernel learning
Consistent Binary Classification with Generalized Performance Metrics.
generalized performance metrics	consistent binary classification
Combinatorial Energy Learning for Image Segmentation.
combinatorial energy learning	image segmentation
Policy Shaping: Integrating Human Feedback with Reinforcement Learning.
integrating human feedback	policy shaping	reinforcement learning
Complex Inference in Neural Circuits with Probabilistic Population Codes and Topic Models.
probabilistic population codes	complex inference	neural circuits	topic models
A unified model of short-range and long-range motion perception.
long-range motion perception	unified model
A Kernel Test for Three-Variable Interactions.
kernel test	three-variable interactions
Mapping Tractography Across Subjects.
mapping tractography
Fast recovery from a union of subspaces.
fast recovery
Tighter Bounds for Structured Estimation.
tighter bounds	structured estimation
A Greedy Approach for Budgeted Maximum Inner Product Search.
budgeted maximum	greedy approach	product search
Limitations on Variance-Reduction and Acceleration Schemes for Finite Sums Optimization.
finite sums optimization	acceleration schemes
Solid Harmonic Wavelet Scattering: Predicting Quantum Molecular Energy from Invariant Descriptors of 3D Electronic Densities.
solid harmonic wavelet scattering	predicting quantum molecular energy	3d electronic densities	invariant descriptors
Transfer Learning by Borrowing Examples for Multiclass Object Detection.
multiclass object detection	borrowing examples	transfer learning
Multiple Instance Learning on Structured Data.
multiple instance learning	structured data
Learning the context of a category.
category
An Analysis of Convex Relaxations for MAP Estimation.
convex relaxations	map estimation
Information Rates and Optimal Decoding in Large Neural Populations.
large neural populations	optimal decoding	information rates
Time-rescaling methods for the estimation and assessment of non-Poisson neural encoding models.
non-poisson neural encoding models	time-rescaling methods
Reconstructing perceived faces from brain activations with deep adversarial neural decoding.
deep adversarial neural decoding	reconstructing perceived faces	brain activations
Joint Cascade Optimization Using A Product Of Boosted Classifiers.
joint cascade optimization	boosted classifiers
Query Complexity of Derivative-Free Optimization.
query complexity	derivative-free optimization
Calibrated Elastic Regularization in Matrix Completion.
calibrated elastic regularization	matrix completion
Information-Theoretic Connectivity-Based Cortex Parcellation.
information-theoretic connectivity-based cortex parcellation
Analog readout for optical reservoir computers.
optical reservoir computers	analog readout
On the Optimization Landscape of Tensor Decompositions.
optimization landscape	tensor decompositions
Fast Multivariate Spatio-temporal Analysis via Low Rank Tensor Learning.
low rank tensor learning	fast multivariate spatio-temporal analysis
The Total Variation on Hypergraphs - Learning on Hypergraphs Revisited.
total variation
Lower Bounds on Rate of Convergence of Cutting Plane Methods.
cutting plane methods	lower bounds
Deep Neural Networks Segment Neuronal Membranes in Electron Microscopy Images.
deep neural networks segment neuronal membranes	electron microscopy images
Cost-Sensitive Exploration in Bayesian Reinforcement Learning.
bayesian reinforcement learning	cost-sensitive exploration
Multiclass Boosting: Theory and Algorithms.
multiclass boosting
Stochastic Relational Models for Large-scale Dyadic Data using MCMC.
stochastic relational models	large-scale dyadic data
b-Bit Minwise Hashing for Estimating Three-Way Similarities.
b-bit minwise hashing	estimating three-
ReasoNet: Learning to Stop Reading in Machine Comprehension.
stop reading	machine comprehension
Fairness in Multi-Agent Sequential Decision-Making.
multi-agent sequential decision-making
Concavity of reweighted Kikuchi approximation.
reweighted kikuchi approximation
Gaussian Process Bandit Optimisation with Multi-fidelity Evaluations.
gaussian process bandit optimisation	multi-fidelity evaluations
Threshold Learning for Optimal Decision Making.
optimal decision making	threshold learning
On the Number of Linear Regions of Deep Neural Networks.
deep neural networks	linear regions
Efficient multiple hyperparameter learning for log-linear models.
efficient multiple hyperparameter learning	log-linear models
Nearest Neighbor based Greedy Coordinate Descent.
nearest neighbor based greedy coordinate descent
Adaptive Regularization for Transductive Support Vector Machine.
transductive support vector machine	adaptive regularization
Wasserstein Learning of Deep Generative Point Process Models.
deep generative point process models	wasserstein learning
Linearly constrained Bayesian matrix factorization for blind source separation.
linearly constrained bayesian matrix factorization	blind source separation
AdaGAN: Boosting Generative Models.
boosting generative models
PEWA: Patch-based Exponentially Weighted Aggregation for image denoising.
patch-based exponentially weighted aggregation	image denoising
Bounding Performance Loss in Approximate MDP Homomorphisms.
approximate mdp homomorphisms	bounding performance loss
Bounding errors of Expectation-Propagation.
bounding errors
Unsupervised Template Learning for Fine-Grained Object Recognition.
fine-grained object recognition	unsupervised template learning
Is the Bellman residual a bad proxy?
bad proxy	bellman residual
Balancing Suspense and Surprise: Timely Decision Making with Endogenous Information Acquisition.
endogenous information acquisition	timely decision making	balancing suspense
Deconvolving Feedback Loops in Recommender Systems.
deconvolving feedback loops	recommender systems
Is Approval Voting Optimal Given Approval Votes?
approval voting optimal	approval votes
Online Optimization in X-Armed Bandits.
x-armed bandits	online optimization
Optimal Neural Population Codes for High-dimensional Stimulus Variables.
optimal neural population codes	high-dimensional stimulus variables
Temporal Difference Based Actor Critic Learning - Convergence and Neural Implementation.
temporal difference based actor critic learning	neural implementation
Non-conjugate Variational Message Passing for Multinomial and Binary Regression.
non-conjugate variational message passing	binary regression
Bayesian Source Localization with the Multivariate Laplace Prior.
multivariate laplace prior	bayesian source localization
A Framework for Testing Identifiability of Bayesian Models of Perception.
testing identifiability	bayesian models
Avoiding Imposters and Delinquents: Adversarial Crowdsourcing and Peer Prediction.
adversarial crowdsourcing	avoiding imposters	peer prediction
StopWasting My Gradients: Practical SVRG.
practical svrg
Efficient Online Linear Optimization with Approximation Algorithms.
efficient online linear optimization	approximation algorithms
M-Statistic for Kernel Change-Point Detection.
kernel change-point detection
Prediction strategies without loss.
prediction strategies
When in Doubt, SWAP: High-Dimensional Sparse Recovery from Correlated Measurements.
high-dimensional sparse recovery	correlated measurements
Manifold Regularization for SIR with Rate Root-n Convergence.
rate root-	manifold regularization
From MAP to Marginals: Variational Inference in Bayesian Submodular Models.
bayesian submodular models	variational inference
Mutual information for symmetric rank-one matrix estimation: A proof of the replica formula.
symmetric rank-	mutual information	replica formula	matrix estimation
One-Pass Boosting.
one-pass boosting
Efficient Inference of Continuous Markov Random Fields with Polynomial Potentials.
continuous markov random fields	polynomial potentials	efficient inference
The Ordered Residual Kernel for Robust Motion Subspace Clustering.
robust motion subspace clustering	ordered residual kernel
Bayesian inference as iterated random functions with applications to sequential inference in graphical models.
iterated random functions	graphical models	sequential inference	bayesian inference
Unifying the Sensory and Motor Components of Sensorimotor Adaptation.
motor components	sensorimotor adaptation
The Bayesian Case Model: A Generative Approach for Case-Based Reasoning and Prototype Classification.
bayesian case model	case-based reasoning	generative approach	prototype classification
K-Medoids For K-Means Seeding.
k-means seeding
Online ICA: Understanding Global Dynamics of Nonconvex Optimization via Diffusion Processes.
understanding global dynamics	nonconvex optimization	online ica	diffusion processes
Multi-output Polynomial Networks and Factorization Machines.
multi-output polynomial networks	factorization machines
PAC-Bayes-Empirical-Bernstein Inequality.
pac-bayes-empirical-bernstein inequality
DiscLDA: Discriminative Learning for Dimensionality Reduction and Classification.
discriminative learning	dimensionality reduction
Proceedings of the NIPS Workshop on Cognitive Computation: Integrating Neural and Symbolic Approaches co-located with the 29th Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NIPS 2015), Montreal, Canada, December 11-12, 2015.
neural information processing systems	symbolic approaches co-located	29th annual conference	integrating neural	december 11-12	cognitive computation
Memoized Online Variational Inference for Dirichlet Process Mixture Models.
memoized online variational inference	dirichlet process mixture models
Analytical Results for the Error in Filtering of Gaussian Processes.
analytical results	gaussian processes
Bayesian Compression for Deep Learning.
deep learning	bayesian compression
Do Deep Neural Networks Suffer from Crowding?
deep neural networks suffer
Discriminative Network Models of Schizophrenia.
discriminative network models
Estimating the Size of a Large Network and its Communities from a Random Sample.
large network	random sample
Correlation Coefficients are Insufficient for Analyzing Spike Count Dependencies.
analyzing spike count dependencies	correlation coefficients
Large-Margin Convex Polytope Machine.
large-margin convex polytope machine
Streaming Weak Submodularity: Interpreting Neural Networks on the Fly.
streaming weak submodularity	interpreting neural networks
Latent Attention For If-Then Program Synthesis.
latent attention	program synthesis
Analysis of Learning from Positive and Unlabeled Data.
unlabeled data
Non-Stationary Spectral Kernels.
non-stationary spectral kernels
Latent Support Measure Machines for Bag-of-Words Data Classification.
latent support measure machines	bag-of-words data classification
A General Boosting Method and its Application to Learning Ranking Functions for Web Search.
general boosting method	learning ranking functions	web search
Extracting regions of interest from biological images with convolutional sparse block coding.
convolutional sparse block coding	biological images	extracting regions
Multiscale Random Fields with Application to Contour Grouping.
multiscale random fields	contour grouping
Hierarchical Multitask Structured Output Learning for Large-scale Sequence Segmentation.
hierarchical multitask structured output learning	large-scale sequence segmentation
Self-Adaptable Templates for Feature Coding.
self-adaptable templates	feature coding
Softstar: Heuristic-Guided Probabilistic Inference.
heuristic-guided probabilistic inference
Elementary Symmetric Polynomials for Optimal Experimental Design.
elementary symmetric polynomials	optimal experimental design
Sampling for Inference in Probabilistic Models with Fast Bayesian Quadrature.
fast bayesian quadrature	probabilistic models
Long-term Causal Effects via Behavioral Game Theory.
behavioral game theory	long-term causal effects
Weakly-supervised Discovery of Visual Pattern Configurations.
visual pattern configurations	weakly-supervised discovery
BACKSHIFT: Learning causal cyclic graphs from unknown shift interventions.
learning causal cyclic graphs	unknown shift interventions
Differentially private subspace clustering.
differentially private subspace clustering
Structure-Blind Signal Recovery.
structure-blind signal recovery
Probabilistic Variational Bounds for Graphical Models.
probabilistic variational bounds	graphical models
Image Parsing with Stochastic Scene Grammar.
stochastic scene grammar	image parsing
Efficient Learning using Forward-Backward Splitting.
forward-backward splitting	efficient learning
Online Reinforcement Learning in Stochastic Games.
online reinforcement learning	stochastic games
Exact learning curves for Gaussian process regression on large random graphs.
exact learning curves	large random graphs	gaussian process regression
Phase transition in the family of p-resistances.
phase transition
Modelling Genetic Variations using Fragmentation-Coagulation Processes.
modelling genetic variations	fragmentation-coagulation processes
Topology Constraints in Graphical Models.
graphical models	topology constraints
An Integer Projected Fixed Point Method for Graph Matching and MAP Inference.
integer projected fixed point method	map inference	graph matching
Sparse Inverse Covariance Estimation with Calibration.
sparse inverse covariance estimation
Good Semi-supervised Learning That Requires a Bad GAN.
good semi-supervised learning	bad gan
Latent Variable Models for Predicting File Dependencies in Large-Scale Software Development.
large-scale software development	latent variable models	predicting file dependencies
Low-Rank Regression with Tensor Responses.
tensor responses	low-rank regression
Deformation-Invariant Sparse Coding for Modeling Spatial Variability of Functional Patterns in the Brain.
deformation-invariant sparse coding	modeling spatial variability	functional patterns
Spatio-temporal Representations of Uncertainty in Spiking Neural Networks.
spiking neural networks	spatio-temporal representations
Rényi Divergence Variational Inference.
ényi divergence variational inference
Statistical Models of Linear and Nonlinear Contextual Interactions in Early Visual Processing.
early visual processing	nonlinear contextual interactions	statistical models
Fast Classification Rates for High-dimensional Gaussian Generative Models.
high-dimensional gaussian generative models	fast classification rates
Analyzing the Harmonic Structure in Graph-Based Learning.
harmonic structure	graph-based learning
On Structured Prediction Theory with Calibrated Convex Surrogate Losses.
calibrated convex surrogate losses	structured prediction theory
Dimensionality Reduction with Subspace Structure Preservation.
subspace structure preservation	dimensionality reduction
Reconstruct & Crush Network.
reconstruct & crush network
Gates.
gates
Documents as multiple overlapping windows into grids of counts.
multiple overlapping windows
Diving into the shallows: a computational perspective on large-scale shallow learning.
large-scale shallow learning	computational perspective
Projecting Markov Random Field Parameters for Fast Mixing.
projecting markov random field parameters	fast mixing
Convergence Analysis of Prediction Markets via Randomized Subspace Descent.
randomized subspace descent	prediction markets	convergence analysis
Boosting Classifier Cascades.
boosting classifier cascades
Visual Dynamics: Probabilistic Future Frame Synthesis via Cross Convolutional Networks.
probabilistic future frame synthesis	cross convolutional networks	visual dynamics
Combinatorial Multi-Armed Bandit with General Reward Functions.
combinatorial multi-armed bandit	general reward functions
SSH (Sketch, Shingle, & Hash) for Indexing Massive-Scale Time Series.
indexing massive-scale time series
Sequential Hypothesis Testing under Stochastic Deadlines.
sequential hypothesis testing	stochastic deadlines
A rational decision making framework for inhibitory control.
rational decision making framework	inhibitory control
Efficient Sampling for Bipartite Matching Problems.
bipartite matching problems	efficient sampling
Restoring the Generalizability of SVM Based Decoding in High Dimensional Neuroimage Data.
high dimensional neuroimage data	svm based decoding
Pre-Wiring and Pre-Training: What Does a Neural Network Need to Learn Truly General Identity Rules?
general identity rules	neural network
General Oracle Inequalities for Gibbs Posterior with Application to Ranking.
general oracle inequalities	gibbs posterior
Norm-Based Capacity Control in Neural Networks.
norm-based capacity control	neural networks
First-order regret bounds for combinatorial semi-bandits.
first-order regret bounds	combinatorial semi-bandits
Sampling from a log-concave distribution with compact support with proximal Langevin Monte Carlo.
proximal langevin monte carlo	log-concave distribution	compact support
Unsupervised Learning for Natural Language Processing.
natural language processing	unsupervised learning
A Hitting Time Analysis of Stochastic Gradient Langevin Dynamics.
stochastic gradient langevin dynamics	hitting time analysis
Learning Mixtures of Product Distributions Using Correlations and Independence.
learning mixtures	product distributions
lil' UCB : An Optimal Exploration Algorithm for Multi-Armed Bandits.
optimal exploration algorithm	multi-armed bandits
Learning Halfspaces Under Log-Concave Densities: Polynomial Approximations and Moment Matching.
log-concave densities	polynomial approximations	moment matching	learning halfspaces
Spectral Algorithms for Learning and Clustering.
spectral algorithms
Competing with Stationary Prediction Strategies.
stationary prediction strategies
The Isotron Algorithm: High-Dimensional Isotonic Regression.
high-dimensional isotonic regression	isotron algorithm
Inapproximability of VC Dimension and Littlestone's Dimension.
vc dimension
Delay and Cooperation in Nonstochastic Bandits.
nonstochastic bandits
Learnability and Stability in the General Learning Setting.
general learning setting
Reliable Agnostic Learning.
reliable agnostic learning
SVM-Optimization and Steepest-Descent Line Search.
steepest-descent line search
A Note on Learning with Integral Operators.
integral operators
Adaptive Rates of Convergence in Active Learning.
adaptive rates	active learning
Deterministic Sparse Fourier Approximation via Fooling Arithmetic Progressions.
deterministic sparse fourier approximation	fooling arithmetic progressions
Open Problem: Property Elicitation and Elicitation Complexity.
open problem	elicitation complexity	property elicitation
Online Non-Parametric Regression.
online non-parametric regression
Relating Clustering Stability to Properties of Cluster Boundaries.
relating clustering stability	cluster boundaries
Adaptive Crowdsourcing Algorithms for the Bandit Survey Problem.
bandit survey problem	adaptive crowdsourcing algorithms
Noisy Population Recovery from Unknown Noise.
noisy population recovery	unknown noise
Computational Limits for Matrix Completion.
computational limits	matrix completion
Linear Algorithms for Online Multitask Classification.
online multitask classification	linear algorithms
Regret Minimization for Branching Experts.
regret minimization	branching experts
Simple Bayesian Algorithms for Best Arm Identification.
simple bayesian algorithms	arm identification
A Light Touch for Heavily Constrained SGD.
heavily constrained sgd	light touch
Optimal rates for total variation denoising.
total variation denoising	optimal rates
Teaching Dimensions based on Cooperative Learning.
teaching dimensions based	cooperative learning
Bounded regret in stochastic multi-armed bandits.
stochastic multi-armed bandits	bounded regret
Learning Nested Halfspaces and Uphill Decision Trees.
learning nested halfspaces	uphill decision trees
Sparse Density Estimation with l1 Penalties.
sparse density estimation	l1 penalties
The Learning Power of Evolution.
learning power
On the Ability of Neural Nets to Express Distributions.
express distributions	neural nets
Asymptotic behavior of \\(\\ell_p\\)-based Laplacian regularization in semi-supervised learning.
-based laplacian regularization	asymptotic behavior	semi-supervised learning
Open Problem: The Oracle Complexity of Smooth Convex Optimization in Nonstandard Settings.
smooth convex optimization	open problem	oracle complexity	nonstandard settings
Learning Communities in the Presence of Errors.
learning communities
Tight (Lower) Bounds for the Fixed Budget Best Arm Identification Bandit Problem.
arm identification bandit problem	fixed budget
Combining Expert Advice Efficiently.
combining expert advice efficiently
On the Power of Membership Queries in Agnostic Learning.
membership queries	agnostic learning
Reinforcement Learning of POMDPs using Spectral Methods.
spectral methods	reinforcement learning
Batched Bandit Problems.
batched bandit problems
The Simulator: Understanding Adaptive Sampling in the Moderate-Confidence Regime.
understanding adaptive sampling	moderate-confidence regime
Causal Markov Condition for Submodular Information Measures.
submodular information measures	causal markov condition
Adaptivity to Noise Parameters in Nonparametric Active Learning.
nonparametric active learning	noise parameters
Effective Semisupervised Learning on Manifolds.
effective semisupervised learning
Learning Rotations.
learning rotations
Active and passive learning of linear separators under log-concave distributions.
log-concave distributions	linear separators	passive learning
Learning Convex Bodies is Hard.
learning convex bodies
A General Characterization of the Statistical Query Complexity.
statistical query complexity	general characterization
Faster and Sample Near-Optimal Algorithms for Proper Learning Mixtures of Gaussians.
sample near-optimal algorithms	proper learning mixtures
Towards Instance Optimal Bounds for Best Arm Identification.
instance optimal bounds	arm identification
Distribution-independent Reliable Learning.
distribution-independent reliable learning
The Complexity of Learning Halfspaces using Generalized Linear Methods.
generalized linear methods	learning halfspaces
Observational Learning in Random Networks.
random networks	observational learning
Sparse Stochastic Bandits.
sparse stochastic bandits
Learning and Testing Junta Distributions.
testing junta distributions
Memory and Communication Efficient Distributed Stochastic Optimization with Minibatch Prox.
communication efficient distributed stochastic optimization	minibatch prox
Learning Random Monotone DNF Under the Uniform Distribution.
learning random monotone dnf	uniform distribution
Robust and Proper Learning for Mixtures of Gaussians via Systems of Polynomial Inequalities.
proper learning	polynomial inequalities
Online Learning with Prior Knowledge.
online learning	prior knowledge
Learning-Theoretic Foundations of Algorithm Configuration for Combinatorial Partitioning Problems.
combinatorial partitioning problems	algorithm configuration	learning-theoretic foundations
How Local Should a Learning Method Be?.
learning method
Thompson Sampling for the MNL-Bandit.
thompson sampling
Strategies for Prediction Under Imperfect Monitoring.
imperfect monitoring
The Hidden Hubs Problem.
hidden hubs problem
A Spectral Algorithm for Learning Hidden Markov Models.
learning hidden markov models	spectral algorithm
Margin Based Active Learning.
margin based active learning
Open Problem: Efficient Online Sparse Regression.
efficient online sparse regression	open problem
Label optimal regret bounds for online local learning.
label optimal regret bounds	online local learning
Conference on Learning Theory 2016: Preface.
learning theory 2016
Optimum Statistical Estimation with Strategic Data Sources.
strategic data sources	optimum statistical estimation
Density Estimation in Linear Time.
density estimation	linear time
Minimizing Wide Range Regret with Time Selection Functions.
minimizing wide range regret	time selection functions
COLT 2009 - The 22nd Conference on Learning Theory, Montreal, Quebec, Canada, June 18-21, 2009
june 18-21	learning theory	22nd conference
Taking Advantage of Sparsity in Multi-Task Learning.
taking advantage	multi-task learning
Open Problem: The landscape of the loss surfaces of multilayer networks.
multilayer networks	open problem	loss surfaces
An algorithm with nearly optimal pseudo-regret for both stochastic and adversarial bandits.
adversarial bandits	optimal pseudo-regret
Max vs Min: Tensor Decomposition and ICA with nearly Linear Sample Complexity.
linear sample complexity	tensor decomposition
Sample Compression for Multi-label Concept Classes.
multi-label concept classes	sample compression
Preference-based Teaching.
preference-based teaching
Principal Component Analysis and Higher Correlations for Distributed Data.
principal component analysis	higher correlations	distributed data
Stochastic Convex Optimization.
stochastic convex optimization
Hybrid Stochastic-Adversarial On-line Learning.
hybrid stochastic-adversarial on-line learning
Online with Spectral Bounds.
spectral bounds
Quadratic Upper Bound for Recursive Teaching Dimension of Finite VC Classes.
quadratic upper bound	recursive teaching dimension	finite vc classes
Competing in the Dark: An Efficient Algorithm for Bandit Linear Optimization.
bandit linear optimization	efficient algorithm
Hedging Structured Concepts.
hedging structured concepts
Gaps in Support Vector Optimization.
support vector optimization
Online Learning for Global Cost Functions.
global cost functions	online learning
Density-preserving quantization with application to graph downsampling.
density-preserving quantization	graph downsampling
Subspace Embeddings and \\(\\ell_p\\)-Regression Using Exponential Random Variables.
exponential random variables	subspace embeddings
Multi-Observation Elicitation.
multi-observation elicitation
Learning Overcomplete Latent Variable Models through Tensor Methods.
learning overcomplete latent variable models	tensor methods
Stochastic Regret Minimization via Thompson Sampling.
stochastic regret minimization	thompson sampling
Teaching Dimension and the Complexity of Active Learning.
active learning	teaching dimension
Complexity Theoretic Lower Bounds for Sparse Principal Component Detection.
complexity theoretic lower bounds	sparse principal component detection
Second-order Quantile Methods for Experts and Combinatorial Games.
second-order quantile methods	combinatorial games
Near-Optimal Herding.
near-optimal herding
A Tensor Spectral Approach to Learning Mixed Membership Community Models.
learning mixed membership community models	tensor spectral approach
Efficient Classification for Metric Data.
metric data	efficient classification
Vox Populi: Collecting High-Quality Labels from a Crowd.
collecting high-quality labels	vox populi
Fast Exact Matrix Completion with Finite Samples.
fast exact matrix completion	finite samples
The True Sample Complexity of Active Learning.
true sample complexity	active learning
Sample Complexity Bounds on Differentially Private Learning via Communication Complexity.
differentially private learning	sample complexity bounds	communication complexity
Mind Change Optimal Learning of Bayes Net Structure.
mind change optimal learning	bayes net structure
Regret Minimization With Concept Drift.
regret minimization	concept drift
Better Guarantees for Sparsest Cut Clustering.
sparsest cut clustering
Strongly Non-U-Shaped Learning Results by General Techniques.
strongly non-u-shaped learning results	general techniques
Regularized Linear Regression: A Precise Analysis of the Estimation Error.
regularized linear regression	precise analysis	estimation error
Optimal Probability Estimation with Applications to Prediction and Classification.
optimal probability estimation
Improved Guarantees for Agnostic Learning of Disjunctions.
agnostic learning	improved guarantees
Unsupervised SVMs: On the Complexity of the Furthest Hyperplane Problem.
furthest hyperplane problem	unsupervised svms
Highly-Smooth Zero-th Order Online Optimization.
order online optimization	highly-smooth zero-
Robustness and Generalization.
robustness
An Almost Optimal PAC Algorithm.
optimal pac algorithm
Optimally Combining Classifiers Using Unlabeled Data.
optimally combining classifiers	unlabeled data
Aggregation by Exponential Weighting and Sharp Oracle Inequalities.
sharp oracle inequalities	exponential weighting
Learning Combinatorial Functions from Pairwise Comparisons.
learning combinatorial functions	pairwise comparisons
Information Complexity in Bandit Subset Selection.
bandit subset selection	information complexity
The Online Loop-free Stochastic Shortest-Path Problem.
online loop-free stochastic shortest-path problem
Correlation Clustering with Noisy Partial Information.
noisy partial information	correlation clustering
Fast and robust tensor decomposition with applications to dictionary learning.
robust tensor decomposition	dictionary learning
Prediction by Categorical Features: Generalization Properties and Application to Feature Ranking.
feature ranking	generalization properties	categorical features
Simple, Efficient, and Neural Algorithms for Sparse Coding.
neural algorithms	sparse coding
An Asymptotically Optimal Bandit Algorithm for Bounded Support Models.
asymptotically optimal bandit algorithm	bounded support models
Approachability in unknown games: Online learning meets multi-objective optimization.
online learning meets multi-objective optimization	unknown games
Learning with Square Loss: Localization through Offset Rademacher Complexity.
offset rademacher complexity	square loss
Regret Minimization for Online Buffering Problems Using the Weighted Majority Algorithm.
online buffering problems	weighted majority algorithm	regret minimization
Sparse Adaptive Dirichlet-Multinomial-like Processes.
sparse adaptive dirichlet-multinomial-
Suboptimality of Penalized Empirical Risk Minimization in Classification.
penalized empirical risk minimization
Learning Sparsely Used Overcomplete Dictionaries.
overcomplete dictionaries	learning sparsely
Solving SDPs for synchronization and MaxCut problems via the Grothendieck inequality.
maxcut problems	solving sdps	grothendieck inequality
On the Complexity of Bandit and Derivative-Free Stochastic Convex Optimization.
derivative-free stochastic convex optimization
Escaping the Local Minima via Simulated Annealing: Optimization of Approximately Convex Functions.
approximately convex functions	local minima	simulated annealing
Vector-Valued Property Elicitation.
vector-valued property elicitation
A Unified Analysis of Stochastic Optimization Methods Using Jump System Theory and Quadratic Constraints.
jump system theory	stochastic optimization methods	quadratic constraints	unified analysis
Computationally Efficient Robust Sparse Estimation in High Dimensions.
computationally efficient robust sparse estimation	high dimensions
Geometric & Topological Representations of Maximum Classes with Applications to Sample Compression.
geometric & topological representations	sample compression	maximum classes
Open Problem: Meeting Times for Learning Random Automata.
learning random automata	open problem	meeting times
Bounded Parameter Markov Decision Processes with Average Reward Criterion.
bounded parameter markov decision processes	average reward criterion
Are There Local Maxima in the Infinite-Sample Likelihood of Gaussian Mixture Estimation?
gaussian mixture estimation	infinite-sample likelihood	local maxima
Open Problems in Efficient Semi-supervised PAC Learning.
efficient semi-supervised pac learning	open problems
Robust Reductions from Ranking to Classification.
robust reductions
Robust Selective Sampling from Single and Multiple Teachers.
robust selective sampling	multiple teachers
COLT 2012 - The 25th Annual Conference on Learning Theory, June 25-27, 2012, Edinburgh, Scotland
25th annual conference	june 25-27	learning theory
Learning Coverage Functions and Private Release of Marginals.
learning coverage functions	private release
Community Detection via Random and Adaptive Sampling.
adaptive sampling	community detection
On Learning vs. Refutation.
refutation
Learning Correction Grammars.
learning correction grammars
On the low-rank approach for semidefinite programs arising in synchronization and community detection.
semidefinite programs arising	community detection	low-rank approach
On-Line Learning Algorithms for Path Experts with Non-Additive Losses.
on-line learning algorithms	non-additive losses	path experts
Transductive Rademacher Complexity and Its Applications.
transductive rademacher complexity
Complexity of Teaching by a Restricted Number of Examples.
restricted number
Optimal Algorithms for Online Convex Optimization with Multi-Point Bandit Feedback.
multi-point bandit feedback	online convex optimization	optimal algorithms
The Extended Littlestone's Dimension for Learning with Mistakes and Abstentions.
extended littlestone
Sketching Information Divergences.
sketching information divergences
A Tale of Two Metrics: Simultaneous Bounds on Competitiveness and Regret.
simultaneous bounds
Learning Simple Auctions.
learning simple auctions
Learning from Collective Behavior.
collective behavior
Tensor principal component analysis via sum-of-square proofs.
tensor principal component analysis	sum-of-square proofs
Approachability, fast and slow.
approachability
Lower and Upper Bounds on the Generalization of Stochastic Exponentially Concave Optimization.
stochastic exponentially concave optimization	upper bounds
Open Problem: Recursive Teaching Dimension Versus VC Dimension.
recursive teaching dimension versus vc dimension	open problem
An Improved Gap-Dependency Analysis of the Noisy Power Method.
improved gap-dependency analysis	noisy power method
Open Problem: Lower bounds for Boosting with Hadamard Matrices.
open problem	lower bounds	hadamard matrices
COLT 2011 - The 24th Annual Conference on Learning Theory, June 9-11, 2011, Budapest, Hungary
24th annual conference	learning theory	june 9-11
The Convergence Rate of AdaBoost.
convergence rate
Convex Games in Banach Spaces.
convex games	banach spaces
Mansour's Conjecture is True for Random DNF Formulas.
random dnf formulas
Excess risk bounds for multitask learning with trace norm regularization.
trace norm regularization	excess risk bounds	multitask learning
Regret Analysis of the Finite-Horizon Gittins Index Strategy for Multi-Armed Bandits.
finite-horizon gittins index strategy	regret analysis	multi-armed bandits
Online Learning and Blackwell Approachability in Quitting Games.
quitting games	online learning	blackwell approachability
Open Problem: Tensor Decompositions: Algorithms up to the Uniqueness Threshold?
open problem	tensor decompositions	uniqueness threshold
Computational Lower Bounds for Community Detection on Random Graphs.
computational lower bounds	community detection	random graphs
Best-of-K-bandits.
best-of-k-bandits
Domain Adaptation: Learning Bounds and Algorithms.
domain adaptation	learning bounds
Open Problem: A (missing) boosting-type convergence result for AdaBoost.MH with factorized multi-class classifiers.
boosting-type convergence result	factorized multi-class classifiers	open problem
When can we rank well from comparisons of \\(O(n\\log(n))\\) non-actively chosen pairs?
non-actively chosen pairs
Beating the Adaptive Bandit with High Probability.
high probability	adaptive bandit
Learning in the Limit with Adversarial Disturbances.
adversarial disturbances
21st Annual Conference on Learning Theory - COLT 2008, Helsinki, Finland, July 9-12, 2008
21st annual conference	july 9-12	learning theory
Online Learning of Maximum p-Norm Margin Classifiers with Bias.
maximum p-norm margin classifiers	online learning
On-line Variance Minimization in O(n2) per Trial?
on-line variance minimization
Theoretical Justification of Popular Link Prediction Heuristics.
popular link prediction heuristics	theoretical justification
Open Problem: The Statistical Query Complexity of Learning Sparse Halfspaces.
statistical query complexity	learning sparse halfspaces	open problem
Learning a set of directions.
directions
When Is There a Free Matrix Lunch?
free matrix lunch
The Catch-Up Phenomenon in Bayesian Inference.
bayesian inference
Rates of estimation for determinantal point processes.
determinantal point processes
Consistent Partial Identification.
consistent partial identification
Beyond Hartigan Consistency: Merge Distortion Metric for Hierarchical Clustering.
merge distortion metric	hartigan consistency	hierarchical clustering
Fast Mixing for Discrete Point Processes.
discrete point processes	fast mixing
Adapting to a Changing Environment: the Brownian Restless Bandits.
brownian restless bandits	changing environment
Generalised Entropy and Asymptotic Complexities of Languages.
generalised entropy	asymptotic complexities
Consistency of Robust Kernel Density Estimators.
robust kernel density estimators
Mitotic Classes.
mitotic classes
Complexity Theoretic Limitations on Learning DNF's.
complexity theoretic limitations	learning dnf
Passive Learning with Target Risk.
target risk	passive learning
Preface.
preface
Homogeneous Multi-Instance Learning with Arbitrary Dependence.
homogeneous multi-instance learning	arbitrary dependence
High-Probability Regret Bounds for Bandit Online Linear Optimization.
bandit online linear optimization	high-probability regret bounds
Learning Languages with Rational Kernels.
rational kernels	learning languages
Algorithms for Lipschitz Learning on Graphs.
lipschitz learning
Lower bounds on the performance of polynomial-time algorithms for sparse linear regression.
sparse linear regression	lower bounds	polynomial-time algorithms
Combinatorial Bandits.
combinatorial bandits
Learning Using Local Membership Queries.
local membership queries
Efficient Sampling for Gaussian Graphical Models via Spectral Sparsification.
gaussian graphical models	spectral sparsification	efficient sampling
Online Density Estimation of Bradley-Terry Models.
online density estimation	bradley-terry models
On-line Sequential Bin Packing.
on-line sequential bin packing
On the Approximability of Sparse PCA.
sparse pca
Thresholding Based Outlier Robust PCA.
thresholding based outlier robust pca
Algorithmic Chaining and the Role of Partial Feedback in Online Nonparametric Learning.
online nonparametric learning	algorithmic chaining	partial feedback
Stochastic Composite Least-Squares Regression with Convergence Rate $O(1/n)$.
stochastic composite least-squares regression	convergence rate $
Cortical Computation via Iterative Constructions.
iterative constructions	cortical computation
Nearly-tight VC-dimension bounds for piecewise linear neural networks.
piecewise linear neural networks	nearly-tight vc-dimension bounds
Stochastic Linear Optimization under Bandit Feedback.
stochastic linear optimization	bandit feedback
U-Shaped, Iterative, and Iterative-with-Counter Learning.
iterative-with-counter learning
Efficient Learning of Simplices.
efficient learning
Robust Efficient Conditional Probability Estimation.
robust efficient conditional probability estimation
Greed Is Good: Near-Optimal Submodular Maximization via Greedy Optimization.
near-optimal submodular maximization	greedy optimization
Maximin Action Identification: A New Bandit Framework for Games.
maximin action identification	bandit framework
Almost Tight Upper Bound for Finding Fourier Coefficients of Bounded Pseudo- Boolean Functions.
bounded pseudo- boolean functions	tight upper bound	finding fourier coefficients
An Inequality with Applications to Structured Sparsity and Multitask Dictionary Learning.
multitask dictionary learning	structured sparsity
Logistic Regression: Tight Bounds for Stochastic and Online Optimization.
tight bounds	online optimization	logistic regression
Learnability of Solutions to Conjunctive Queries: The Full Dichotomy.
full dichotomy	conjunctive queries
Truthful Linear Regression.
truthful linear regression
Homotopy Analysis for Tensor PCA.
homotopy analysis	tensor pca
Generalised Pinsker Inequalities.
generalised pinsker inequalities
Open Problem: Finding Good Cascade Sampling Processes for the Network Inference Problem.
finding good cascade sampling processes	network inference problem	open problem
Non-convex learning via Stochastic Gradient Langevin Dynamics: a nonasymptotic analysis.
stochastic gradient langevin dynamics	non-convex learning	nonasymptotic analysis
Fast Rates for Empirical Risk Minimization of Strict Saddle Problems.
empirical risk minimization	strict saddle problems	fast rates
Learning to Create is as Hard as Learning to Appreciate.
create
Escaping the Curse of Dimensionality with a Tree-based Regressor.
tree-based regressor
Competing With Strategies.
strategies
Lipschitz Bandits: Regret Lower Bound and Optimal Algorithms.
regret lower bound	optimal algorithms	lipschitz bandits
Predicting with Distributions.
predicting
Finding Metric Structure in Information Theoretic Clustering.
finding metric structure	information theoretic clustering
Combinatorial Prediction Markets.
combinatorial prediction markets
Learning Kernel-Based Halfspaces with the Zero-One Loss.
learning kernel-based halfspaces
Generalization for Adaptively-chosen Estimators via Stable Median.
adaptively-chosen estimators	stable median
Fast rates for online learning in Linearly Solvable Markov Decision Processes.
linearly solvable markov decision processes	fast rates	online learning
Online Learning with Low Rank Experts.
low rank experts	online learning
Two-Sample Tests for Large Random Graphs Using Network Statistics.
large random graphs	two-sample tests	network statistics
Open Problem: Online Local Learning.
online local learning	open problem
Agnostic Online Learning.
agnostic online learning
Learning and 1-bit Compressed Sensing under Asymmetric Noise.
1-bit compressed sensing	asymmetric noise
On the Margin Explanation of Boosting Algorithms.
boosting algorithms	margin explanation
Minimax Policies for Adversarial and Stochastic Bandits.
stochastic bandits	minimax policies
The sample complexity of agnostic learning under deterministic labels.
agnostic learning	deterministic labels	sample complexity
Quantum Predictive Learning and Communication Complexity with Single Input.
quantum predictive learning	single input	communication complexity
Learning and inference in the presence of corrupted inputs.
corrupted inputs
Rademacher Margin Complexity.
rademacher margin complexity
Bad Universal Priors and Notions of Optimality.
bad universal priors
Model Selection and Stability in k-means Clustering.
k-means clustering	model selection
Convex Risk Minimization and Conditional Probability Estimation.
convex risk minimization	conditional probability estimation
Cortical Learning via Prediction.
cortical learning
Learning Non-Discriminatory Predictors.
learning non-discriminatory predictors
How Good Is a Kernel When Used as a Similarity Measure?
similarity measure
Fast and Optimal Prediction on a Labeled Tree.
optimal prediction	labeled tree
Regret to the Best vs. Regret to the Average.
average
Adaptive Subgradient Methods for Online Learning and Stochastic Optimization.
adaptive subgradient methods	stochastic optimization	online learning
Information-theoretic thresholds for community detection in sparse networks.
community detection	sparse networks	information-theoretic thresholds
Resampling-Based Confidence Regions and Multiple Tests for a Correlated Random Vector.
resampling-based confidence regions	correlated random vector	multiple tests
Fundamental limits of symmetric low-rank matrix estimation.
symmetric low-rank matrix estimation	fundamental limits
On Learning Distributions from their Samples.
learning distributions
Mixing Implies Lower Bounds for Space Bounded Learning.
mixing implies lower bounds	space bounded learning
Online Sparse Linear Regression.
online sparse linear regression
Variable Selection is Hard.
variable selection
Online Learning with Feedback Graphs: Beyond Bandits.
online learning	feedback graphs
The Price of Selection in Differential Privacy.
differential privacy
New Algorithms for Learning Incoherent and Overcomplete Dictionaries.
overcomplete dictionaries	learning incoherent
On the Equivalence of Weak Learnability and Linear Separability: New Relaxations and Efficient Boosting Algorithms.
efficient boosting algorithms	weak learnability	linear separability
Online Learning for Time Series Prediction.
time series prediction	online learning
A Guide to Learning Arithmetic Circuits.
learning arithmetic circuits
The price of bandit information in multiclass online classification.
multiclass online classification	bandit information
Preface: Conference on Learning Theory (COLT), 2017.
learning theory
Higher-Order Regret Bounds with Switching Costs.
higher-order regret bounds	switching costs
PLAL: Cluster-based active learning.
cluster-based active learning
Learning Mixtures of Discrete Product Distributions using Spectral Decompositions.
discrete product distributions	learning mixtures	spectral decompositions
A Theoretical Analysis of NDCG Type Ranking Measures.
ndcg type ranking measures	theoretical analysis
Noisy Tensor Completion via the Sum-of-Squares Hierarchy.
noisy tensor completion	sum-of-squares hierarchy
Further and stronger analogy between sampling and optimization: Langevin Monte Carlo and gradient descent.
langevin monte carlo	gradient descent	stronger analogy
Finding Low Error Clusterings.
finding low error clusterings
Classification with Asymmetric Label Noise: Consistency and Maximal Denoising.
asymmetric label noise	maximal denoising
A Chaining Algorithm for Online Nonparametric Regression.
online nonparametric regression	chaining algorithm
Polynomial Time Optimal Query Algorithms for Finding Graphs with Arbitrary Real Weights.
polynomial time optimal query algorithms	arbitrary real weights	finding graphs
How to calculate partition functions using convex programming hierarchies: provable bounds for variational methods.
convex programming hierarchies	calculate partition functions	provable bounds	variational methods
Preface.
preface
Open Problem: Approximate Planning of POMDPs in the class of Memoryless Policies.
open problem	memoryless policies	approximate planning
Nonparametric Bandits with Covariates.
nonparametric bandits
Open Problem: Second order regret bounds based on scaling time.
order regret bounds based	open problem	scaling time
Optimal Learning via the Fourier Transform for Sums of Independent Integer Random Variables.
independent integer random variables	optimal learning	fourier transform
Prediction by random-walk perturbation.
random-walk perturbation
Learning Rotations with Little Regret.
learning rotations
Online Similarity Prediction of Networked Data from Known and Unknown Graphs.
online similarity prediction	networked data	unknown graphs
The Power of Depth for Feedforward Neural Networks.
feedforward neural networks
Nearly Optimal Sampling Algorithms for Combinatorial Pure Exploration.
optimal sampling algorithms	combinatorial pure exploration
Testing Bayesian Networks.
testing bayesian networks
Recovering the Optimal Solution by Dual Random Projection.
dual random projection	optimal solution
Square Hellinger Subadditivity for Bayesian Networks and its Applications to Identity Testing.
square hellinger subadditivity	bayesian networks	identity testing
Optimal Rates for Regularized Least Squares Regression.
optimal rates	squares regression
Beyond Gaussians: Spectral Methods for Learning Mixtures of Heavy-Tailed Distributions.
learning mixtures	spectral methods	heavy-tailed distributions
Sparse Recovery in Large Ensembles of Kernel Machines On-Line Learning and Bandits.
kernel machines on-line learning	sparse recovery	large ensembles
Open Problem: Online Sabotaged Shortest Path.
online sabotaged shortest path	open problem
Active Learning for Smooth Problems.
smooth problems	active learning
An Efficient Reduction of Ranking to Classification.
efficient reduction
Optimal Stragies and Minimax Lower Bounds for Online Convex Games.
minimax lower bounds	online convex games	optimal stragies
Hierarchies of Relaxations for Online Prediction Problems with Evolving Constraints.
online prediction problems	evolving constraints
Spectral thresholds in the bipartite stochastic block model.
bipartite stochastic block model	spectral thresholds
Aggregation of supports along the Lasso path.
lasso path
Localized Complexities for Transductive Learning.
transductive learning	localized complexities
MCMC Learning.
mcmc learning
Voting Paradoxes.
voting paradoxes
Open Problem: Analyzing Ant Robot Coverage.
analyzing ant robot coverage	open problem
Time Varying Undirected Graphs.
time varying undirected graphs
Open Problem: Restricted Eigenvalue Condition for Heavy Tailed Designs.
restricted eigenvalue condition	heavy tailed designs	open problem
Ignoring Is a Bliss: Learning with Large Noise Through Reweighting-Minimization.
large noise
Basis Learning as an Algorithmic Primitive.
algorithmic primitive	basis learning
A Convex Formulation for Mixed Regression with Two Components: Minimax Optimal Rates.
minimax optimal rates	mixed regression	convex formulation
ZigZag: A New Approach to Adaptive Online Learning.
adaptive online learning
Toward Learning Gaussian Mixtures with Arbitrary Separation.
learning gaussian mixtures	arbitrary separation
Correspondence retrieval.
correspondence retrieval
Online Learning with Predictable Sequences.
predictable sequences	online learning
On Convergence of Emphatic Temporal-Difference Learning.
emphatic temporal-difference learning
The Loss Rank Principle for Model Selection.
loss rank principle	model selection
A second-order bound with excess losses.
second-order bound	excess losses
Matrix Completion from $O(n)$ Samples in Linear Time.
matrix completion	linear time
Generalized SMO-Style Decomposition Algorithms.
generalized smo-style decomposition algorithms
Best Arm Identification in Multi-Armed Bandits.
arm identification	multi-armed bandits
An Information Theoretic Framework for Multi-view Learning.
information theoretic framework	multi-view learning
Adaptive Bound Optimization for Online Convex Optimization.
adaptive bound optimization	online convex optimization
Learning with Limited Rounds of Adaptivity: Coin Tossing, Multi-Armed Bandits, and Ranking from Pairwise Comparisons.
limited rounds	coin tossing	multi-armed bandits	pairwise comparisons
Efficient Learning of Linear Separators under Bounded Noise.
bounded noise	linear separators	efficient learning
Online learning in repeated auctions.
online learning	repeated auctions
Proceedings of the 29th Conference on Learning Theory, COLT 2016, New York, USA, June 23-26, 2016
june 23-26	learning theory	29th conference
Predicting the Labelling of a Graph via Minimum $p$-Seminorm Interpolation.
$-seminorm interpolation
Competing with the Empirical Risk Minimizer in a Single Pass.
empirical risk minimizer	single pass
Finding a most biased coin with fewest flips.
biased coin	fewest flips
Density Evolution in the Degree-correlated Stochastic Block Model.
degree-correlated stochastic block model	density evolution
Achieving All with No Parameters: AdaNormalHedge.
adanormalhedge
Property Testing: A Learning Theory Perspective.
learning theory perspective	property testing
Edge Label Inference in Generalized Stochastic Block Models: from Spectral Theory to Impossibility Results.
generalized stochastic block models	edge label inference	impossibility results	spectral theory
Blind Signal Separation in the Presence of Gaussian Noise.
blind signal separation	gaussian noise
On the Sample Complexity of Learning Smooth Cuts on a Manifold.
learning smooth cuts	sample complexity
Online Learning of Noisy Data with Kernels.
online learning	noisy data
An efficient algorithm for contextual bandits with knapsacks, and an extension to concave objectives.
efficient algorithm	contextual bandits	concave objectives
Empirical Bernstein Bounds and Sample-Variance Penalization.
empirical bernstein bounds	sample-variance penalization
Thompson Sampling for Learning Parameterized Markov Decision Processes.
learning parameterized markov decision processes	thompson sampling
Adaptive Submodularity: A New Approach to Active Learning and Stochastic Optimization.
adaptive submodularity	stochastic optimization	active learning
Sparse Regression Learning by Aggregation and Langevin Monte-Carlo.
sparse regression learning	langevin monte-carlo
Learning Coordinate Gradients with Multi-Task Kernels.
learning coordinate gradients	multi-task kernels
Multi-scale exploration of convex functions and bandit convex optimization.
bandit convex optimization	convex functions	multi-scale exploration
First-order Methods for Geodesically Convex Optimization.
geodesically convex optimization	first-order methods
Robust Hierarchical Clustering.
robust hierarchical clustering
Unconstrained Online Linear Learning in Hilbert Spaces: Minimax Algorithms and Normal Approximations.
unconstrained online linear learning	hilbert spaces	normal approximations	minimax algorithms
Learning Large-Alphabet and Analog Circuits with Value Injection Queries.
learning large-alphabet	injection queries	analog circuits
Differentially Private Feature Selection via Stability Arguments, and the Robustness of the Lasso.
differentially private feature selection	stability arguments
New Results for Random Walk Learning.
random walk learning
Multiarmed Bandits With Limited Expert Advice.
limited expert advice	multiarmed bandits
Sequence Prediction in Realizable and Non-realizable Cases.
non-realizable cases	sequence prediction
Lower Bounds on Regret for Noisy Gaussian Process Bandit Optimization.
noisy gaussian process bandit optimization	lower bounds
Faster Algorithms for Testing under Conditional Sampling.
conditional sampling	faster algorithms
Bayes-Optimal Scorers for Bipartite Ranking.
bipartite ranking	bayes-optimal scorers
Interactive Fingerprinting Codes and the Hardness of Preventing False Discovery.
preventing false discovery	interactive fingerprinting codes
Sample complexity of population recovery.
population recovery	sample complexity
Hierarchical Label Queries with Data-Dependent Partitions.
hierarchical label queries	data-dependent partitions
A PTAS for Agnostically Learning Halfspaces.
agnostically learning halfspaces
Generalization Bounds for Learning the Kernel Problem.
kernel problem	generalization bounds
Conference on Learning Theory 2015: Preface.
learning theory 2015
Uniqueness of Tensor Decompositions with Applications to Polynomial Identifiability.
tensor decompositions	polynomial identifiability
Memoryless Sequences for Differentiable Losses.
differentiable losses	memoryless sequences
Instance-dependent Regret Bounds for Dueling Bandits.
instance-dependent regret bounds	dueling bandits
On the Complexity of Learning with Kernels.
kernels
Nonlinear Estimators and Tail Bounds for Dimension Reduction in l 1 Using Cauchy Random Projections.
cauchy random projections	dimension reduction	tail bounds	nonlinear estimators
Stochastic Block Model and Community Detection in Sparse Graphs: A spectral algorithm with optimal rate of recovery.
stochastic block model	optimal rate	community detection	sparse graphs	spectral algorithm
A Second-order Look at Stability and Generalization.
stability
Escaping From Saddle Points - Online Stochastic Gradient for Tensor Decomposition.
online stochastic gradient	tensor decomposition	saddle points
Most Correlated Arms Identification.
correlated arms identification
Active Learning on Trees and Graphs.
active learning
Minimax Games with Bandits.
minimax games
PAC-Bayesian Bound for Gaussian Process Regression and Multiple Kernel Additive Model.
multiple kernel additive model	gaussian process regression	pac-bayesian bound
The Sample Complexity of Optimizing a Convex Function.
convex function	sample complexity
The Complexity of Improperly Learning Large Margin Halfspaces.
improperly learning large margin halfspaces
Exp-Concavity of Proper Composite Losses.
proper composite losses
Online Multi-task Learning with Hard Constraints.
online multi-task learning	hard constraints
Surprising properties of dropout in deep networks.
deep networks	surprising properties
Elicitation and Identification of Properties.
elicitation
Can We Learn to Gamble Efficiently?
gamble efficiently
Learning Theory, 20th Annual Conference on Learning Theory, COLT 2007, San Diego, CA, USA, June 13-15, 2007, Proceedings
20th annual conference	june 13-15	san diego	learning theory
Minimax rates for memory-bounded sparse linear regression.
memory-bounded sparse linear regression	minimax rates
Tight Bounds for Bandit Combinatorial Optimization.
bandit combinatorial optimization	tight bounds
Multitask Learning with Expert Advice.
multitask learning	expert advice
Open Problem: Fast Stochastic Exp-Concave Optimization.
fast stochastic exp-concave optimization	open problem
A Stochastic View of Optimal Regret through Minimax Duality.
minimax duality	stochastic view	optimal regret
Low Rank Matrix Completion with Exponential Family Noise.
low rank matrix completion	exponential family noise
Does Unlabeled Data Provably Help? Worst-case Analysis of the Sample Complexity of Semi-Supervised Learning.
unlabeled data provably	sample complexity	worst-case analysis	semi-supervised learning
Occam's Hammer.
hammer
Characterization of Linkage-based Clustering.
linkage-based clustering
Randomized partition trees for exact nearest neighbor search.
exact nearest neighbor search	randomized partition trees
On Equivalence of Martingale Tail Bounds and Deterministic Regret Inequalities.
deterministic regret inequalities	martingale tail bounds
Learning Talagrand DNF Formulas.
learning talagrand dnf formulas
Regret Lower Bound and Optimal Algorithm in Dueling Bandit Problem.
regret lower bound	dueling bandit problem	optimal algorithm
Resourceful Contextual Bandits.
resourceful contextual bandits
Improved Guarantees for Learning via Similarity Functions.
similarity functions	improved guarantees
Ranking with Kernels in Fourier space.
fourier space
The Optimality of Jeffreys Prior for Online Density Estimation and the Asymptotic Normality of Maximum Likelihood Estimators.
maximum likelihood estimators	online density estimation	asymptotic normality	jeffreys prior
Robustness of Evolvability.
evolvability
Learning without concentration.
concentration
Streaming PCA: Matching Matrix Bernstein and Near-Optimal Finite Sample Guarantees for Oja's Algorithm.
near-optimal finite sample guarantees	matching matrix bernstein	streaming pca
Adaptive Hausdorff Estimation of Density Level Sets.
adaptive hausdorff estimation	density level sets
An Efficient Bandit Algorithm for sqrt(T) Regret in Online Multiclass Prediction?.
online multiclass prediction	efficient bandit algorithm
Open Problem: Kernel methods on manifolds and metric spaces. What is the probability of a positive definite geodesic exponential kernel?
positive definite geodesic exponential kernel	kernel methods	open problem	metric spaces
Minimax Fixed-Design Linear Regression.
minimax fixed-design linear regression
On the Consistency of Output Code Based Learning Algorithms for Multiclass Learning Problems.
output code based learning algorithms	multiclass learning problems
Fast matrix completion without the condition number.
fast matrix completion	condition number
Forest Density Estimation.
forest density estimation
Composite Objective Mirror Descent.
composite objective mirror descent
Evolution with Drifting Targets.
drifting targets
Following the Flattened Leader.
flattened leader
Learning with Global Cost in Stochastic Environments.
stochastic environments	global cost
Efficiency of conformalized ridge regression.
conformalized ridge regression
Efficient Representations for Lifelong Learning and Autoencoding.
lifelong learning	efficient representations
Gradient Descent Only Converges to Minimizers.
gradient descent
Polynomial Regression under Arbitrary Product Distributions.
arbitrary product distributions	polynomial regression
Resource-Bounded Information Gathering for Correlation Clustering.
resource-bounded information gathering	correlation clustering
From Averaging to Acceleration, There is Only a Step-size.
acceleration
Volumetric Spanners: an Efficient Exploration Basis for Learning.
efficient exploration basis	volumetric spanners
Robust Multi-objective Learning with Mentor Feedback.
robust multi-objective learning	mentor feedback
Opportunistic Strategies for Generalized No-Regret Problems.
generalized no-regret problems	opportunistic strategies
Estimation of Extreme Values and Associated Level Sets of a Regression Function via Selective Sampling.
selective sampling	level sets	extreme values	regression function
Optimal Algorithms for the Coin Weighing Problem with a Spring Scale.
coin weighing problem	spring scale	optimal algorithms
A Query Algorithm for Agnostically Learning DNF?.
agnostically learning dnf	query algorithm
Pure Exploration of Multi-armed Bandit Under Matroid Constraints.
pure exploration	matroid constraints	multi-armed bandit
Partitioning Well-Clustered Graphs: Spectral Clustering Works!
partitioning well-clustered graphs	spectral clustering works
Adaptive Learning with Robust Generalization Guarantees.
robust generalization guarantees	adaptive learning
Learning Multivariate Log-concave Distributions.
learning multivariate log-concave distributions
Time series prediction and online learning.
time series prediction	online learning
Regret Bounds for Sleeping Experts and Bandits.
sleeping experts	regret bounds
Extracting Certainty from Uncertainty: Regret Bounded by Variation in Costs.
extracting certainty	regret bounded
Algorithms and Hardness for Robust Subspace Recovery.
robust subspace recovery
Principal Component Analysis with Contaminated Data: The High Dimensional Case.
high dimensional case	principal component analysis	contaminated data
Semidefinite Programs for Exact Recovery of a Hidden Community.
semidefinite programs	exact recovery	hidden community
Open Loop Optimistic Planning.
open loop optimistic planning
Linear Classifiers are Nearly Optimal When Hidden Variables Have Diverse Effect.
hidden variables	diverse effect	linear classifiers
Efficient approaches for escaping higher order saddle points in non-convex optimization.
escaping higher order saddle points	non-convex optimization	efficient approaches
COLT 2013 - The 26th Annual Conference on Learning Theory, June 12-14, 2013, Princeton University, NJ, USA
26th annual conference	learning theory	june 12-14	princeton university
Empirical Risk Minimization for Stochastic Convex Optimization: $O(1/n)$- and $O(1/n^2)$-type of Risk Bounds.
stochastic convex optimization	empirical risk minimization	risk bounds
Sparse Recovery in Convex Hulls of Infinite Dictionaries.
sparse recovery	convex hulls	infinite dictionaries
Optimal learners for multiclass problems.
multiclass problems	optimal learners
When Random Play is Optimal Against an Adversary.
random play
Optimal learning via local entropies and sample compression.
optimal learning	sample compression	local entropies
Depth Separation for Neural Networks.
depth separation	neural networks
Efficient Co-Training of Linear Separators under Weak Dependence.
weak dependence	linear separators	efficient co-training
Online Linear Optimization via Smoothing.
online linear optimization
Compressed Counting Meets Compressed Sensing.
compressed counting meets compressed sensing
Representation, Approximation and Learning of Submodular Functions Using Low-rank Decision Trees.
low-rank decision trees	submodular functions
Exact tensor completion with sum-of-squares.
exact tensor completion
Online Learning with Composite Loss Functions.
composite loss functions	online learning
The More, the Merrier: the Blessing of Dimensionality for Learning Large Gaussian Mixtures.
learning large gaussian mixtures
l1 Regularization in Infinite Dimensional Feature Spaces.
infinite dimensional feature spaces	l1 regularization
Bandits with Movement Costs and Adaptive Pricing.
movement costs	adaptive pricing
Corralling a Band of Bandit Algorithms.
bandit algorithms
Honest Compressions and Their Application to Compression Schemes.
honest compressions	compression schemes
Improved Rates for the Stochastic Continuum-Armed Bandit Problem.
stochastic continuum-armed bandit problem	improved rates
Proceedings of the 30th Conference on Learning Theory, COLT 2017, Amsterdam, The Netherlands, 7-10 July 2017
30th conference	learning theory	7-10 july 2017
Properly Learning Poisson Binomial Distributions in Almost Polynomial Time.
properly learning poisson binomial distributions	polynomial time
Learning Permutations with Exponential Weights.
exponential weights	learning permutations
Memory, Communication, and Statistical Queries.
statistical queries
On the Expressive Power of Deep Learning: A Tensor Analysis.
tensor analysis	deep learning	expressive power
Open Problem: First-Order Regret Bounds for Contextual Bandits.
first-order regret bounds	open problem	contextual bandits
S2: An Efficient Graph Based Active Learning Algorithm with Application to Nonparametric Classification.
efficient graph based active learning algorithm	nonparametric classification
Horizon-Independent Optimal Prediction with Log-Loss in Exponential Families.
horizon-independent optimal prediction	exponential families
Dimension and Margin Bounds for Reflection-invariant Kernels.
reflection-invariant kernels	margin bounds
Online Learning Without Prior Information.
online learning	prior information
Q -Learning with Linear Function Approximation.
linear function approximation
Boosting with the Logistic Loss is Consistent.
logistic loss
Proceedings of The 27th Conference on Learning Theory, COLT 2014, Barcelona, Spain, June 13-15, 2014
june 13-15	learning theory	27th conference
On the capacity of information processing systems.
information processing systems
Sequential Information Maximization: When is Greedy Near-optimal?
sequential information maximization	greedy near-optimal
High Dimensional Regression with Binary Coefficients. Estimating Squared Error and a Phase Transtition.
high dimensional regression	estimating squared error	binary coefficients	phase transtition
An Improved Parametrization and Analysis of the EXP3++ Algorithm for Stochastic and Adversarial Bandits.
adversarial bandits	exp3++ algorithm	improved parametrization
Contextual Dueling Bandits.
contextual dueling bandits
Ten Steps of EM Suffice for Mixtures of Two Gaussians.
ten steps	em suffice
Open Problem: Parameter-Free and Scale-Free Online Algorithms.
scale-free online algorithms	open problem
Sharp analysis of low-rank kernel matrix approximations.
low-rank kernel matrix approximations	sharp analysis
The entropic barrier: a simple and optimal universal self-concordant barrier.
optimal universal self-concordant barrier	entropic barrier
benefits of depth in neural networks.
neural networks
Proceedings of The 28th Conference on Learning Theory, COLT 2015, Paris, France, July 3-6, 2015
28th conference	learning theory	july 3-6
Concentration Inequalities.
concentration inequalities
Learning Disjunctions of Predicates.
learning disjunctions
Learning the dependence structure of rare events: a non-asymptotic study.
dependence structure	rare events	non-asymptotic study
Open Problem: Best Arm Identification: Almost Instance-Wise Optimality and the Gap Entropy Conjecture.
gap entropy conjecture	open problem	arm identification	instance-wise optimality
The K-armed Dueling Bandits Problem.
k-armed dueling bandits problem
Surrogate Regret Bounds for the Area Under the ROC Curve via Strongly Proper Losses.
strongly proper losses	surrogate regret bounds	roc curve
On-Line Estimation with the Multivariate Gaussian Distribution.
multivariate gaussian distribution	on-line estimation
Policy Error Bounds for Model-Based Reinforcement Learning with Factored Linear Models.
policy error bounds	model-based reinforcement learning	factored linear models
Adaptive Recovery of Signals by Convex Optimization.
convex optimization	adaptive recovery
Interactive Algorithms: from Pool to Stream.
interactive algorithms
Uniqueness of Ordinal Embedding.
ordinal embedding
Divide and Conquer Kernel Ridge Regression.
conquer kernel ridge regression
Belief propagation, robust reconstruction and optimal recovery of block models.
block models	optimal recovery	robust reconstruction	belief propagation
Inferring Descriptive Generalisations of Formal Languages.
inferring descriptive generalisations	formal languages
Submodular Optimization under Noise.
submodular optimization
Minimax Bounds for Active Learning.
minimax bounds	active learning
Monte Carlo Markov Chain Algorithms for Sampling Strongly Rayleigh Distributions and Determinantal Point Processes.
monte carlo markov chain algorithms	sampling strongly rayleigh distributions	determinantal point processes
Beating Bandits in Gradually Evolving Worlds.
gradually evolving worlds	beating bandits
COLT 2010 - The 23rd Conference on Learning Theory, Haifa, Israel, June 27-29, 2010
23rd conference	learning theory	june 27-29
Open Problem: Learning Quantum Circuits with Queries.
learning quantum circuits	open problem
Learning Acyclic Probabilistic Circuits Using Test Paths.
learning acyclic probabilistic circuits	test paths
On the Complexity of Bandit Linear Optimization.
bandit linear optimization
Reliably Learning the ReLU in Polynomial Time.
reliably learning	polynomial time
Open Problem: Adversarial Multiarmed Bandits with Limited Advice.
adversarial multiarmed bandits	limited advice	open problem
Optimal Best Arm Identification with Fixed Confidence.
arm identification	fixed confidence
Open Problem: Shifting Experts on Easy Data.
open problem	easy data	shifting experts
The Geometry of Losses.
geometry
Injective Hilbert Space Embeddings of Probability Measures.
injective hilbert space embeddings	probability measures
Multi-view Regression Via Canonical Correlation Analysis.
canonical correlation analysis	multi-view regression
Stability of k -Means Clustering.
-means clustering
An Efficient Re-scaled Perceptron Algorithm for Conic Systems.
efficient re-scaled perceptron algorithm	conic systems
A Lower Bound for Agnostically Learning Disjunctions.
agnostically learning disjunctions	lower bound
Sign rank versus VC dimension.
sign rank versus vc dimension
Open Problem: Tightness of maximum likelihood semidefinite relaxations.
maximum likelihood semidefinite relaxations	open problem
A near-optimal algorithm for finite partial-monitoring games against adversarial opponents.
finite partial-monitoring games	adversarial opponents	near-optimal algorithm
On the Complexity of A/B Testing.
complexity
Generalized Mixability via Entropic Duality.
entropic duality	generalized mixability
Provably manipulation-resistant reputation systems.
provably manipulation-resistant reputation systems
Online Isotonic Regression.
online isotonic regression
More Efficient Internal-Regret-Minimizing Algorithms.
efficient internal-regret-minimizing algorithms
On Consistent Surrogate Risk Minimization and Property Elicitation.
consistent surrogate risk minimization	property elicitation
Follow the Leader with Dropout Perturbations.
dropout perturbations
Dropping Convexity for Faster Semi-definite Optimization.
faster semi-definite optimization	dropping convexity
Bandit Convex Optimization: \\(\\sqrt{T}\\) Regret in One Dimension.
bandit convex optimization
Efficient PAC Learning from the Crowd.
efficient pac learning
Adaptive Aggregation for Reinforcement Learning with Efficient Exploration: Deterministic Domains.
deterministic domains	adaptive aggregation	reinforcement learning	efficient exploration
Tighter Bounds for Multi-Armed Bandits with Expert Advice.
expert advice	tighter bounds	multi-armed bandits
Improved Sum-of-Squares Lower Bounds for Hidden Clique and Hidden Submatrix Problems.
improved sum-of-squares lower bounds	hidden submatrix problems	hidden clique
A robust shape model for multi-view car alignment.
robust shape model	multi-view car alignment
Structure from motion for scenes with large duplicate structures.
large duplicate structures
ProNet: Learning to Propose Object-Specific Boxes for Cascaded Neural Networks.
cascaded neural networks	propose object-specific boxes
Efficient computation of robust low-rank matrix approximations in the presence of missing data using the L1 norm.
robust low-rank matrix approximations	efficient computation	missing data	l1 norm
UAVSensor Fusion with Latent-Dynamic Conditional Random Fields in Coronal Plane Estimation.
latent-dynamic conditional random fields	coronal plane estimation	uavsensor fusion
The Value of Multiple Viewpoints in Gesture-Based User Authentication.
gesture-based user authentication	multiple viewpoints
TOF imaging in Smart room environments towards improved people tracking.
smart room environments	improved people tracking	tof imaging
SWIFT: Sparse Withdrawal of Inliers in a First Trial.
sparse withdrawal
Unsupervised Joint Object Discovery and Segmentation in Internet Images.
unsupervised joint object discovery	internet images
Bayesian inference for neighborhood filters with application in denoising.
neighborhood filters	bayesian inference
Recognition of Affect in the Wild Using Deep Neural Networks.
deep neural networks
Learning query-dependent prefilters for scalable image retrieval.
learning query-dependent prefilters	scalable image retrieval
DUST: Dual Union of Spatio-Temporal Subspaces for Monocular Multiple Object 3D Reconstruction.
monocular multiple object 3d reconstruction	dual union	spatio-temporal subspaces
From generic to specific deep representations for visual recognition.
specific deep representations	visual recognition
Discriminative subvolume search for efficient action detection.
efficient action detection	discriminative subvolume search
Are sparse representations really relevant for image classification?
sparse representations	image classification
Face Recognition in Movie Trailers via Mean Sequence Sparse Representation-Based Classification.
sequence sparse representation-based classification	face recognition	movie trailers
3D Scene priors for road detection.
3d scene priors	road detection
Joint motion estimation and segmentation of complex scenes with label costs and occlusion modeling.
joint motion estimation	complex scenes	label costs	occlusion modeling
Component Biologically Inspired Features with Moving Segmentation for Age Estimation.
component biologically inspired features	age estimation	moving segmentation
Personalizing Human Video Pose Estimation.
personalizing human video pose estimation
Fast, Approximately Optimal Solutions for Single and Dynamic MRFs.
approximately optimal solutions	dynamic mrfs
Absolute pose for cameras under flat refractive interfaces.
flat refractive interfaces	absolute pose
Real-Time Simultaneous Pose and Shape Estimation for Articulated Objects Using a Single Depth Camera.
real-time simultaneous pose	single depth camera	shape estimation	articulated objects
Pose-robust recognition of low-resolution face images.
low-resolution face images	pose-robust recognition
Learning to Read Chest X-Rays: Recurrent Neural Cascade Model for Automated Image Annotation.
recurrent neural cascade model	read chest x-rays	automated image annotation
Joint Detection and Identification Feature Learning for Person Search.
identification feature learning	person search	joint detection
Complexity-adaptive distance metric for object proposals generation.
complexity-adaptive distance metric	object proposals generation
Action and Interaction Recognition in First-Person Videos.
interaction recognition	first-person videos
Probabilistic Elastic Matching for Pose Variant Face Verification.
pose variant face verification	probabilistic elastic matching
Comprehensive Automated 3D Urban Environment Modelling Using Terrestrial Laser Scanning Point Cloud.
comprehensive automated 3d urban environment modelling	terrestrial laser scanning point cloud
Learning Deep Features for Discriminative Localization.
learning deep features	discriminative localization
Free-Form Nonrigid Image Registration Using Generalized Elastic Nets.
free-form nonrigid image registration	generalized elastic nets
A graph-based approach for robust single-shot structured light.
robust single-shot structured light	graph-based approach
Tracking people interacting with objects.
tracking people interacting
DeepReID: Deep Filter Pairing Neural Network for Person Re-identification.
deep filter pairing neural network	person re-identification
Nonlinear image representation using divisive normalization.
nonlinear image representation	divisive normalization
User-Specific Hand Modeling from Monocular Depth Sequences.
monocular depth sequences	user-specific hand modeling
Optimal Geometric Fitting under the Truncated L2-Norm.
optimal geometric fitting	truncated l2-norm
Compressive Light Field Reconstructions Using Deep Learning.
compressive light field reconstructions	deep learning
Salient object detection for searched web images via global saliency.
salient object detection	searched web images	global saliency
Continuous Inference in Graphical Models with Polynomial Energies.
graphical models	continuous inference	polynomial energies
Topologically-robust 3D shape matching based on diffusion geometry and seed growing.
topologically-robust 3d shape matching based	seed growing	diffusion geometry
Online continuous stereo extrinsic parameter estimation.
online continuous stereo extrinsic parameter estimation
Class Generative Models Based on Feature Regression for Pose Estimation of Object Categories.
class generative models based	pose estimation	feature regression	object categories
Adaptive 3D Face Reconstruction from Unconstrained Photo Collections.
adaptive 3d face reconstruction	unconstrained photo collections
Multiclass pixel labeling with non-local matching constraints.
multiclass pixel labeling	non-local matching constraints
Graph cuts optimization for multi-limb human segmentation in depth maps.
multi-limb human segmentation	graph cuts optimization	depth maps
Acceleration of an improved Retinex algorithm.
improved retinex algorithm
Recognizing Faces of Moving People by Hierarchical Image-Set Matching.
hierarchical image-set matching	recognizing faces	moving people
Structural-RNN: Deep Learning on Spatio-Temporal Graphs.
deep learning	spatio-temporal graphs
One-Shot Metric Learning for Person Re-identification.
one-shot metric learning	person re-identification
Weakly Supervised Learning for Attribute Localization in Outdoor Scenes.
weakly supervised learning	outdoor scenes	attribute localization
A learning based deformable template matching method for automatic rib centerline extraction and labeling in CT images.
learning based deformable template matching method	automatic rib centerline extraction	ct images
Affective Gaming: A Comprehensive Survey.
comprehensive survey	affective gaming
Efficient partial shape matching using Smith-Waterman algorithm.
efficient partial shape matching	smith-waterman algorithm
Active Pictorial Structures.
active pictorial structures
VirtualWorlds as Proxy for Multi-object Tracking Analysis.
multi-object tracking analysis
Unsupervised Learning of Hierarchical Semantics of Objects (hSOs).
hierarchical semantics	unsupervised learning
Local Structure Detection with Orientation-invariant Radial Configuration.
local structure detection	orientation-invariant radial configuration
Exploring Compositional High Order Pattern Potentials for Structured Output Learning.
exploring compositional high order pattern potentials	structured output learning
Semi-Supervised Deep Learning for Monocular Depth Map Prediction.
monocular depth map prediction	semi-supervised deep learning
Learning a Deep Embedding Model for Zero-Shot Learning.
deep embedding model
Multiple Scale Faster-RCNN Approach to Driver's Cell-Phone Usage and Hands on Steering Wheel Detection.
multiple scale faster-rcnn approach	steering wheel detection	cell-phone usage
Video co-summarization: Video summarization by visual co-occurrence.
visual co-occurrence	video co-summarization	video summarization
An Algorithm for Parallel Reconstruction of Jointly Sparse Tensors with Applications to Hyperspectral Imaging.
jointly sparse tensors	parallel reconstruction	hyperspectral imaging
Human Pose Estimation Using a Joint Pixel-wise and Part-wise Formulation.
human pose estimation	joint pixel-wise	part-wise formulation
Visibility Based Preconditioning for bundle adjustment.
visibility based preconditioning	bundle adjustment
Investigating Haze-Relevant Features in a Learning Framework for Image Dehazing.
investigating haze-relevant features	learning framework	image dehazing
The application of two-level attention models in deep convolutional neural network for fine-grained image classification.
deep convolutional neural network	fine-grained image classification	two-level attention models
Reflection removal for in-vehicle black box videos.
in-vehicle black box videos	reflection removal
Instance-Aware Semantic Segmentation via Multi-task Network Cascades.
instance-aware semantic segmentation	multi-task network cascades
Active learning and discovery of object categories in the presence of unnameable instances.
unnameable instances	object categories	active learning
Real-time foreground segmentation via range and color imaging.
real-time foreground segmentation	color imaging
Discriminant Mutual Subspace Learning for Indoor and Outdoor Face Recognition.
discriminant mutual subspace learning	outdoor face recognition
Learning Deep Representations of Fine-Grained Visual Descriptions.
fine-grained visual descriptions	learning deep representations
Modeling and generating complex motion blur for real-time tracking.
generating complex motion blur	real-time tracking
A computer-vision-assisted system for Videodescription scripting.
videodescription scripting	computer-vision-assisted system
Region Classification with Markov Field Aspect Models.
markov field aspect models	region classification
Deep Multimodal Representation Learning from Temporal Data.
deep multimodal representation learning	temporal data
Capturing appearance variation in active appearance models.
capturing appearance variation	active appearance models
A convex representation for the vectorial Mumford-Shah functional.
vectorial mumford-shah functional	convex representation
Capturing long-range correlations with patch models.
capturing long-range correlations	patch models
Multi-view scene flow estimation: A view centered variational approach.
multi-view scene flow estimation	view centered variational approach
The SOBS algorithm: What are the limits?
sobs algorithm
Supervised Quantization for Similarity Search.
supervised quantization	similarity search
Compressed Hashing.
compressed hashing
Rotation symmetry group detection via frequency analysis of frieze-expansions.
rotation symmetry group detection	frequency analysis
Multiple instance fFeature for robust part-based object detection.
robust part-based object detection	multiple instance ffeature
A multiple geometric deformable model framework for homeomorphic 3D medical image segmentation.
homeomorphic 3d medical image segmentation	multiple geometric deformable model framework
Approximate Nearest Subspace Search with Applications to Pattern Recognition.
approximate nearest subspace search	pattern recognition
Saliency Aggregation: A Data-Driven Approach.
saliency aggregation	data-driven approach
MAP Visibility Estimation for Large-Scale Dynamic 3D Reconstruction.
large-scale dynamic 3d reconstruction	map visibility estimation
Higher-Order Clique Reduction without Auxiliary Variables.
higher-order clique reduction	auxiliary variables
Semi-supervised Learning with Constraints for Person Identification in Multimedia Data.
semi-supervised learning	multimedia data	person identification
Image Understanding from Experts' Eyes by Modeling Perceptual Skill of Diagnostic Reasoning Processes.
diagnostic reasoning processes	modeling perceptual skill	image understanding
Shape matching through particle dynamics warping.
particle dynamics warping	shape matching
Fiber Tract Clustering on Manifolds With Dual Rooted-Graphs.
fiber tract clustering	dual rooted-graphs
Efficient acquisition of human existence priors from motion trajectories.
human existence priors	motion trajectories	efficient acquisition
Classification of Histology Sections via Multispectral Convolutional Sparse Coding.
multispectral convolutional sparse coding	histology sections
When VLAD Met Hilbert.
vlad met hilbert
Scene-Text-Detection Method Robust Against Orientation and Discontiguous Components of Characters.
scene-text-detection method robust	discontiguous components
HMM-MIO: An enhanced hidden Markov model for action recognition.
enhanced hidden markov model	action recognition
Current-and Varifold-Based Registration of Lung Vessel and Airway Trees.
varifold-based registration	airway trees	lung vessel
Variational layered dynamic textures.
variational layered dynamic textures
Discriminative Invariant Kernel Features: A Bells-and-Whistles-Free Approach to Unsupervised Face Recognition and Pose Estimation.
discriminative invariant kernel features	unsupervised face recognition	pose estimation	bells-and-whistles-free approach
Deep Roots: Improving CNN Efficiency with Hierarchical Filter Groups.
improving cnn efficiency	hierarchical filter groups	deep roots
Dynamically reconfigurable architecture for real time adaptation of H264/AVC-SVC video streams.
dynamically reconfigurable architecture	h264/avc-svc video streams	real time adaptation
Hypergraphs for Joint Multi-view Reconstruction and Multi-object Tracking.
joint multi-view reconstruction	multi-object tracking
Coordinating Multiple Disparity Proposals for Stereo Computation.
coordinating multiple disparity proposals	stereo computation
Context tracker: Exploring supporters and distracters in unconstrained environments.
unconstrained environments	context tracker	exploring supporters
Radial Distortion Self-Calibration.
radial distortion self-calibration
Efficient Deep Feature Learning and Extraction via StochasticNets.
efficient deep feature learning
Deep hashing for compact binary codes learning.
compact binary codes learning	deep hashing
Deblurring Text Images via L0-Regularized Intensity and Gradient Prior.
deblurring text images	l0-regularized intensity	gradient prior
Learning rotation-aware features: From invariant priors to equivariant descriptors.
learning rotation-aware features	equivariant descriptors	invariant priors
PartBook for image parsing.
image parsing
Geometric Urban Geo-localization.
geometric urban geo-localization
A fast local descriptor for dense matching.
fast local descriptor	dense matching
Inferring Forces and Learning Human Utilities from Videos.
learning human utilities	inferring forces
Person re-identification by Local Maximal Occurrence representation and metric learning.
local maximal occurrence representation	person re-identification	metric learning
Efficient hierarchical graph-based video segmentation.
efficient hierarchical graph-based video segmentation
PaletteNet: Image Recolorization with Given Color Palette.
image recolorization	color palette
Deep Reflectance Maps.
deep reflectance maps
Instance-Level Segmentation for Autonomous Driving with Deep Densely Connected MRFs.
deep densely connected mrfs	autonomous driving	instance-level segmentation
Object Co-skeletonization with Co-segmentation.
object co-skeletonization
Single image depth estimation from predicted semantic labels.
single image depth estimation	predicted semantic labels
Fixed-Point Factorized Networks.
fixed-point factorized networks
Visual-Inertial-Semantic Scene Representation for 3D Object Detection.
3d object detection	visual-inertial-semantic scene representation
A robust framework for multiview age estimation.
multiview age estimation	robust framework
Iris Super-Resolution Using Iterative Neighbor Embedding.
iterative neighbor embedding	iris super-resolution
System design of time-of-flight range camera for car park assist and backup application.
time-of-flight range camera	car park assist	backup application	system design
Similarity-based cross-layered hierarchical representation for object categorization.
similarity-based cross-layered hierarchical representation	object categorization
Globality-Locality Preserving Projections for Biometric Data Dimensionality Reduction.
biometric data dimensionality reduction	globality-locality preserving projections
Feature based person detection beyond the visible spectrum.
feature based person detection	visible spectrum
Fusion of GPS and structure-from-motion using constrained bundle adjustments.
constrained bundle adjustments
Unsupervised Learning of Dictionaries of Hierarchical Compositional Models.
hierarchical compositional models	unsupervised learning
Video stabilization with a depth camera.
video stabilization	depth camera
Recognizing Emotions from Abstract Paintings Using Non-Linear Matrix Completion.
non-linear matrix completion	recognizing emotions	abstract paintings
Realizing Super-Resolution with Superimposed Projection.
realizing super-resolution	superimposed projection
Transfer Joint Matching for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation.
unsupervised domain adaptation	transfer joint matching
High-dimensional signature compression for large-scale image classification.
large-scale image classification	high-dimensional signature compression
Ensemble Learning for Confidence Measures in Stereo Vision.
ensemble learning	confidence measures	stereo vision
What can missing correspondences tell us about 3D structure and motion?
3d structure	missing correspondences
Vocabulary hierarchy optimization for effective and transferable retrieval.
vocabulary hierarchy optimization	transferable retrieval
Moral Lineage Tracing.
moral lineage tracing
Low Resolution Person Detection with a Moving Thermal Infrared Camera by Hot Spot Classification.
low resolution person detection	moving thermal infrared camera	hot spot classification
Deep Learning of Human Visual Sensitivity in Image Quality Assessment Framework.
image quality assessment framework	human visual sensitivity	deep learning
CNN-RNN: A Unified Framework for Multi-label Image Classification.
multi-label image classification	unified framework
A general solution to the P4P problem for camera with unknown focal length.
unknown focal length	p4p problem	general solution
Object association across PTZ cameras using logistic MIL.
logistic mil	ptz cameras	object association
Image selection for improved Multi-View Stereo.
improved multi-view stereo	image selection
Face Re-Lighting from a Single Image under Harsh Lighting Conditions.
harsh lighting conditions	face re-lighting	single image
Adaptive Relaxed ADMM: Convergence Theory and Practical Implementation.
adaptive relaxed admm	convergence theory	practical implementation
Shadow optimization from structured deep edge detection.
structured deep edge detection	shadow optimization
Simultaneous searching of globally optimal interacting surfaces with shape priors.
globally optimal interacting surfaces	simultaneous searching	shape priors
A Global Approach for the Detection of Vanishing Points and Mutually Orthogonal Vanishing Directions.
mutually orthogonal vanishing directions	vanishing points	global approach
Spatial bias in multi-atlas based segmentation.
multi-atlas based segmentation	spatial bias
Learning Object Material Categories via Pairwise Discriminant Analysis.
learning object material categories	pairwise discriminant analysis
Computer vision on tap.
computer vision
Fast approximate k-means via cluster closures.
fast approximate k-means	cluster closures
Captioning Images with Diverse Objects.
captioning images	diverse objects
Detection and Localization of Image Forgeries Using Resampling Features and Deep Learning.
deep learning	image forgeries	resampling features
The benefits and challenges of collecting richer object annotations.
collecting richer object annotations
Spectral methods for semi-supervised manifold learning.
semi-supervised manifold learning	spectral methods
Action recognition from a distributed representation of pose and appearance.
distributed representation	action recognition
Quality Assessment for Comparing Image Enhancement Algorithms.
comparing image enhancement algorithms	quality assessment
Single-image optical center estimation from vignetting and tangential gradient symmetry.
single-image optical center estimation	tangential gradient symmetry
Surface depth computation and representation from multiple coded projector light.
multiple coded projector light	surface depth computation
Blocks That Shout: Distinctive Parts for Scene Classification.
distinctive parts	scene classification
Detecting and Grouping Identical Objects for Region Proposal and Classification.
grouping identical objects	region proposal
Latent Factor Guided Convolutional Neural Networks for Age-Invariant Face Recognition.
latent factor guided convolutional neural networks	age-invariant face recognition
Image denoising: Can plain neural networks compete with BM3D?
plain neural networks compete	image denoising
Real-Time Mobile Food Recognition System.
real-time mobile food recognition system
Feature co-occurrence representation based on boosting for object detection.
feature co-occurrence representation based	object detection
Latent hierarchical structural learning for object detection.
latent hierarchical structural learning	object detection
A-Lamp: Adaptive Layout-Aware Multi-patch Deep Convolutional Neural Network for Photo Aesthetic Assessment.
adaptive layout-aware multi-patch deep convolutional neural network	photo aesthetic assessment
Fast and Accurate Registration of Visible and Infrared Videos.
accurate registration	infrared videos
Robust estimation of stem cell lineages using local graph matching.
local graph matching	stem cell lineages	robust estimation
Non-negative matrix factorization as a feature selection tool for maximum margin classifiers.
maximum margin classifiers	feature selection tool	non-negative matrix factorization
Boosted deformable model for human body alignment.
human body alignment	boosted deformable model
Accurate Localization of 3D Objects from RGB-D Data Using Segmentation Hypotheses.
accurate localization	3d objects	segmentation hypotheses
Building reconstruction using manhattan-world grammars.
manhattan-world grammars	building reconstruction
Estimating age, gender, and identity using first name priors.
estimating age
Globally Optimal Manhattan Frame Estimation in Real-Time.
globally optimal manhattan frame estimation
RAPS: Robust and Efficient Automatic Construction of Person-Specific Deformable Models.
person-specific deformable models	efficient automatic construction
Accurate Object Detection with Deformable Shape Models Learnt from Images.
deformable shape models learnt	accurate object detection
When Naïve Bayes Nearest Neighbors Meet Convolutional Neural Networks.
naïve bayes nearest neighbors meet convolutional neural networks
In Defense of Sparsity Based Face Recognition.
sparsity based face recognition
Learning Cross-Spectral Similarity Measures with Deep Convolutional Neural Networks.
learning cross-spectral similarity measures	deep convolutional neural networks
Exploiting Saliency for Object Segmentation from Image Level Labels.
image level labels	object segmentation	exploiting saliency
Nonrigid Registration of Hyperspectral and Color Images with Vastly Different Spatial and Spectral Resolutions for Spectral Unmixing and Pansharpening.
nonrigid registration	color images	spectral resolutions	spectral unmixing
A generalized probabilistic framework for compact codebook creation.
generalized probabilistic framework	compact codebook creation
Multi-modal Person Identification in a Smart Environment.
multi-modal person identification	smart environment
Robustness of the New Owner-Tester Approach for Face Identification Experiments.
face identification experiments	owner-tester approach
Joint Geometrical and Statistical Alignment for Visual Domain Adaptation.
visual domain adaptation	joint geometrical	statistical alignment
Natural image denoising: Optimality and inherent bounds.
natural image denoising	inherent bounds
Constrained spectral clustering through affinity propagation.
constrained spectral clustering	affinity propagation
Video Enhancement of People Wearing Polarized Glasses: Darkening Reversal and Reflection Reduction.
people wearing polarized glasses	reflection reduction	darkening reversal	video enhancement
Oriented edge forests for boundary detection.
oriented edge forests	boundary detection
3D-Based Reasoning with Blocks, Support, and Stability.
3d-based reasoning
Bringing Semantics into Focus Using Visual Abstraction.
bringing semantics	visual abstraction
Multiphase Segmentation of Deformation using Logarithmic Priors.
multiphase segmentation	logarithmic priors
Integrated pedestrian classification and orientation estimation.
integrated pedestrian classification	orientation estimation
Exploiting Shading Cues in Kinect IR Images for Geometry Refinement.
exploiting shading cues	kinect ir images	geometry refinement
Scalable action recognition with a subspace forest.
scalable action recognition	subspace forest
A Divide-and-Conquer Method for Scalable Low-Rank Latent Matrix Pursuit.
scalable low-rank latent matrix pursuit	divide-and-conquer method
A novel quality measure for information hiding in images.
quality measure	information hiding
Random maximum margin hashing.
random maximum margin hashing
The Schrödinger distance transform (SDT) for point-sets and curves.
schrödinger distance transform
Randomized trees for human pose detection.
human pose detection	randomized trees
Segmentation and removal of pulmonary arteries, veins and left atrial appendage for visualizing coronary and bypass arteries.
left atrial appendage	pulmonary arteries	visualizing coronary	bypass arteries
Angular domain reconstruction of dynamic 3D fluid surfaces.
dynamic 3d fluid surfaces	angular domain reconstruction
Curvature-based regularization for surface approximation.
surface approximation	curvature-based regularization
Learning shared body plans.
learning shared body plans
Empirical Minimum Bayes Risk Prediction: How to Extract an Extra Few % Performance from Vision Models with Just Three More Parameters.
empirical minimum bayes risk prediction	vision models
Confidence weighting for sensor fingerprinting.
confidence weighting	sensor fingerprinting
AAM based face tracking with temporal matching and face segmentation.
aam based face tracking	face segmentation	temporal matching
DyadGAN: Generating Facial Expressions in Dyadic Interactions.
generating facial expressions	dyadic interactions
Action bank: A high-level representation of activity in video.
action bank	high-level representation
Image atlas construction via intrinsic averaging on the manifold of images.
image atlas construction	intrinsic averaging
Optimal similarity registration of volumetric images.
optimal similarity registration	volumetric images
Offline Signature Verification Based on Bag-of-VisualWords Model Using KAZE Features and Weighting Schemes.
offline signature verification based	kaze features	weighting schemes	bag-of-visualwords model
Increasing the density of Active Appearance Models.
active appearance models
Estimating Gothic facade architecture from imagery.
estimating gothic facade architecture
Fast image alignment in the Fourier domain.
fast image alignment	fourier domain
Pedestrian detection at 100 frames per second.
pedestrian detection
Fully automated 3D colon segmentation for early detection of colorectal cancer based on convex formulation of the active contour model.
fully automated 3d colon segmentation	colorectal cancer based	active contour model	convex formulation	early detection
Detecting and Naming Actors in Movies Using Generative Appearance Models.
generative appearance models	naming actors
Higher-order clique reduction in binary graph cut.
higher-order clique reduction	binary graph cut
BRDF Slices: Accurate Adaptive Anisotropic Appearance Acquisition.
accurate adaptive anisotropic appearance acquisition	brdf slices
Logistic Boosting Regression for Label Distribution Learning.
logistic boosting regression	label distribution learning
Robust Detection of Moving Vehicles in Wide Area Motion Imagery.
wide area motion imagery	robust detection	moving vehicles
Tag-based web photo retrieval improved by batch mode re-tagging.
tag-based web photo retrieval improved	batch mode re-tagging
Traffic analysis with low frame rate camera networks.
low frame rate camera networks	traffic analysis
An Embedded Solution to Visual Mapping for Consumer Drones.
visual mapping	consumer drones	embedded solution
Surface stereo with soft segmentation.
surface stereo	soft segmentation
Action spotting exploiting the frequency domain.
action spotting exploiting	frequency domain
End-to-End Saliency Mapping via Probability Distribution Prediction.
probability distribution prediction	end-to-end saliency mapping
Product Manifold Filter: Non-rigid Shape Correspondence via Kernel Density Estimation in the Product Space.
kernel density estimation	non-rigid shape correspondence	product manifold filter	product space
Practical Non-linear Photometric Projector Compensation.
practical non-linear photometric projector compensation
Supervised hierarchical Pitman-Yor process for natural scene segmentation.
supervised hierarchical pitman-yor process	natural scene segmentation
A diffusion approach to seeded image segmentation.
seeded image segmentation	diffusion approach
3D display size matters: Compensating for the perceptual effects of S3D display scaling.
3d display size matters	s3d display scaling	perceptual effects
Single Image Object Modeling Based on BRDF and r-Surfaces Learning.
single image object modeling based	r-surfaces learning
Modelling composite shapes by Gibbs random fields.
gibbs random fields	modelling composite shapes
Visual tracking via weakly supervised learning from multiple imperfect oracles.
multiple imperfect oracles	weakly supervised learning	visual tracking
Evolutionary Quasi-Random Search for Hand Articulations Tracking.
evolutionary quasi-random search	hand articulations tracking
A NURBS-based spectral reflectance descriptor with applications in computer vision and pattern recognition.
nurbs-based spectral reflectance descriptor	pattern recognition	computer vision
Separating Texture and Illumination for Single-Shot Structured Light Reconstruction.
single-shot structured light reconstruction	separating texture
Contrasting shadow for occluder light suppression from one-shot image.
occluder light suppression	one-shot image	contrasting shadow
Affine-invariant diffusion geometry for the analysis of deformable 3D shapes.
affine-invariant diffusion geometry	deformable 3d shapes
Layered segmentation and optical flow estimation over time.
optical flow estimation	layered segmentation
FPGA-Based Real-Time Pedestrian Detection on High-Resolution Images.
fpga-based real-time pedestrian detection	high-resolution images
Groupwise Tracking of Crowded Similar-Appearance Targets from Low-Continuity Image Sequences.
crowded similar-appearance targets	low-continuity image sequences	groupwise tracking
Deep hierarchical parsing for semantic segmentation.
deep hierarchical parsing	semantic segmentation
Integrating vision for human-robot interaction.
human-robot interaction	integrating vision
On-line Simultaneous Learning and Tracking of Visual Feature Graphs.
visual feature graphs	on-line simultaneous learning
Simultaneous foreground, background, and alpha estimation for image matting.
image matting	simultaneous foreground	alpha estimation
Social roles in hierarchical models for human activity recognition.
human activity recognition	social roles	hierarchical models
Simulating makeup through physics-based manipulation of intrinsic image layers.
intrinsic image layers	simulating makeup	physics-based manipulation
Grouping Crowd-Sourced Mobile Videos for Cross-Camera Tracking.
grouping crowd-sourced mobile videos	cross-camera tracking
Visual object tracking using adaptive correlation filters.
visual object tracking	adaptive correlation filters
TGIF: A New Dataset and Benchmark on Animated GIF Description.
animated gif description
Metric learning with two-dimensional smoothness for visual analysis.
metric learning	visual analysis	two-dimensional smoothness
A preliminary study on identifying sensors from iris images.
preliminary study	identifying sensors	iris images
The ARL Multi-Modal Sensor: A research tool for target signature collection, algorithm validation, and emplacement studies.
target signature collection	arl multi-modal sensor	algorithm validation	emplacement studies	research tool
TAEF: A cross-distance/environment face recognition method.
cross-distance/environment face recognition method
Rotational flows for interpolation between sampled surfaces.
rotational flows	sampled surfaces
In the Shadows, Shape Priors Shine: Using Occlusion to Improve Multi-region Segmentation.
improve multi-region segmentation	shape priors shine
Discovering human interactions in videos with limited data labeling.
discovering human interactions	limited data labeling
A Surface-Growing Approach to Multi-View Stereo Reconstruction.
multi-view stereo reconstruction	surface-growing approach
Discriminative Blur Detection Features.
discriminative blur detection features
A unifying resolution-independent formulation for early vision.
unifying resolution-independent formulation	early vision
Turning Mobile Phones into 3D Scanners.
turning mobile phones	3d scanners
Soft Edge Smoothness Prior for Alpha Channel Super Resolution.
alpha channel super resolution	soft edge smoothness prior
Foreground-background segmentation using iterated distribution matching.
iterated distribution matching	foreground-background segmentation
Multi-label ReliefF and F-statistic feature selections for image annotation.
f-statistic feature selections	image annotation	multi-label relieff
Single lens off-chip cellphone microscopy.
single lens off-chip cellphone microscopy
Learning similarity metrics for dynamic scene segmentation.
dynamic scene segmentation	learning similarity metrics
Picture: A probabilistic programming language for scene perception.
probabilistic programming language	scene perception
Instance-Level Video Segmentation from Object Tracks.
instance-level video segmentation	object tracks
Generalized simultaneous registration and segmentation.
generalized simultaneous registration
Abnormal events detection based on spatio-temporal co-occurences.
abnormal events detection based	spatio-temporal co-occurences
On-line semi-supervised multiple-instance boosting.
on-line semi-supervised multiple-instance boosting
Hierarchical Boundary-Aware Neural Encoder for Video Captioning.
hierarchical boundary-aware neural encoder	video captioning
Direction field diffusion on cortical surface via graph cuts.
direction field diffusion	cortical surface	graph cuts
Geometric Deep Learning on Graphs and Manifolds Using Mixture Model CNNs.
geometric deep learning	mixture model cnns
Multimodal semi-supervised learning for image classification.
multimodal semi-supervised learning	image classification
Subject Adaptive Affection Recognition via Sparse Reconstruction.
subject adaptive affection recognition	sparse reconstruction
Deeply Aggregated Alternating Minimization for Image Restoration.
deeply aggregated alternating minimization	image restoration
QPLC: A novel multimodal biometric score fusion method.
multimodal biometric score fusion method
Efficient minimal-surface regularization of perspective depth maps in variational stereo.
efficient minimal-surface regularization	perspective depth maps	variational stereo
Enhanced Deep Residual Networks for Single Image Super-Resolution.
enhanced deep residual networks	single image super-resolution
Mining 3D Key-Pose-Motifs for Action Recognition.
mining 3d key-pose-motifs	action recognition
Half-integrality based algorithms for cosegmentation of images.
half-integrality based algorithms
Discriminative Bimodal Networks for Visual Localization and Detection with Natural Language Queries.
discriminative bimodal networks	natural language queries	visual localization
Split-Brain Autoencoders: Unsupervised Learning by Cross-Channel Prediction.
cross-channel prediction	unsupervised learning	split-brain autoencoders
Multi-cue pedestrian classification with partial occlusion handling.
multi-cue pedestrian classification	partial occlusion handling
Automatic Face Recognition from Skeletal Remains.
automatic face recognition	skeletal remains
Correspondence-Less Non-rigid Registration of Triangular Surface Meshes.
triangular surface meshes	non-rigid registration
Recognize Human Activities from Partially Observed Videos.
recognize human activities	partially observed videos
3D ShapeNets: A deep representation for volumetric shapes.
deep representation	3d shapenets	volumetric shapes
Transition Forests: Learning Discriminative Temporal Transitions for Action Recognition and Detection.
learning discriminative temporal transitions	transition forests	action recognition
Interreflection removal for photometric stereo by using spectrum-dependent albedo.
photometric stereo	interreflection removal	spectrum-dependent albedo
Unsupervised feature optimization (UFO): Simultaneous selection of multiple features with their detection parameters.
unsupervised feature optimization	multiple features	detection parameters	simultaneous selection
Recovering inner slices of translucent objects by multi-frequency illumination.
translucent objects	multi-frequency illumination
DeLay: Robust Spatial Layout Estimation for Cluttered Indoor Scenes.
robust spatial layout estimation	cluttered indoor scenes
What's in a Question: Using Visual Questions as a Form of Supervision.
visual questions
Learning structural element patch models with hierarchical palettes.
learning structural element patch models	hierarchical palettes
Neuron geometry extraction by perceptual grouping in ssTEM images.
neuron geometry extraction	perceptual grouping	sstem images
Fast and accurate image upscaling with super-resolution forests.
accurate image upscaling	super-resolution forests
Learning coupled conditional random field for image decomposition with application on object categorization.
learning coupled conditional random field	image decomposition	object categorization
Video2GIF: Automatic Generation of Animated GIFs from Video.
automatic generation	animated gifs
UniHIST: A unified framework for image restoration with marginal histogram constraints.
marginal histogram constraints	image restoration	unified framework
A probabilistic image jigsaw puzzle solver.
probabilistic image jigsaw puzzle solver
Contextual decomposition of multi-label images.
contextual decomposition	multi-label images
Kernalised Multi-resolution Convnet for Visual Tracking.
kernalised multi-resolution convnet	visual tracking
Encoding based saliency detection for videos and images.
encoding based saliency detection
Deep Crisp Boundaries.
deep crisp boundaries
Keystroke dynamics for user authentication.
user authentication	keystroke dynamics
Weakly Supervised Affordance Detection.
weakly supervised affordance detection
Newton-Type Methods for Inference in Higher-Order Markov Random Fields.
higher-order markov random fields	newton-type methods
Gradient-directed composition of multi-exposure images.
multi-exposure images	gradient-directed composition
3D Probabilistic Feature Point Model for Object Detection and Recognition.
3d probabilistic feature point model	object detection
SOM: Semantic obviousness metric for image quality assessment.
image quality assessment	semantic obviousness metric
A unified framework for event summarization and rare event detection.
rare event detection	event summarization	unified framework
Calibration for high-definition camera rigs with marker chessboard.
high-definition camera rigs	marker chessboard
Multi-instance object segmentation with occlusion handling.
multi-instance object segmentation	occlusion handling
Efficient Structured Parsing of Facades Using Dynamic Programming.
efficient structured parsing	dynamic programming
Efficient photometric stereo on glossy surfaces with wide specular lobes.
wide specular lobes	efficient photometric stereo	glossy surfaces
Unsupervised One-Class Learning for Automatic Outlier Removal.
automatic outlier removal	unsupervised one-class learning
Segment-Tree Based Cost Aggregation for Stereo Matching.
segment-tree based cost aggregation	stereo matching
Direct Prediction of 3D Body Poses from Motion Compensated Sequences.
3d body poses	motion compensated sequences	direct prediction
Far-sighted active learning on a budget for image and video recognition.
far-sighted active learning	video recognition
FuzzyMatte: A computationally efficient scheme for interactive matting.
computationally efficient scheme	interactive matting
A multi-plane block-coordinate frank-wolfe algorithm for training structural SVMs with a costly max-oracle.
multi-plane block-coordinate frank-wolfe algorithm	training structural svms	costly max-oracle
"Knock! Knock! Who is it?" probabilistic person identification in TV-series.
probabilistic person identification
Manifold-based fingerprinting for target identification.
target identification	manifold-based fingerprinting
Bayesian Model-Based Automatic Landmark Detection for Planar Curves.
bayesian model-based automatic landmark detection	planar curves
Learning with dataset bias in latent subcategory models.
latent subcategory models	dataset bias
Top-down pairwise potentials for piecing together multi-class segmentation puzzles.
multi-class segmentation puzzles	pairwise potentials
Fast Convolutional Sparse Coding.
fast convolutional sparse coding
GPU-Accelerated Human Detection Using Fast Directional Chamfer Matching.
fast directional chamfer matching	gpu-accelerated human detection
Cordless portable multi-view fringe projection system for 3D reconstruction.
cordless portable multi-view fringe projection system	3d reconstruction
Not Afraid of the Dark: NIR-VIS Face Recognition via Cross-Spectral Hallucination and Low-Rank Embedding.
nir-vis face recognition	low-rank embedding	cross-spectral hallucination
Branch-and-bound hypothesis selection for two-view multiple structure and motion segmentation.
branch-and-bound hypothesis selection	two-view multiple structure	motion segmentation
Pose-robust albedo estimation from a single image.
pose-robust albedo estimation	single image
Universal Adversarial Perturbations.
universal adversarial perturbations
Door detection via signage context-based Hierarchical Compositional Model.
signage context-based hierarchical compositional model	door detection
CASENet: Deep Category-Aware Semantic Edge Detection.
deep category-aware semantic edge detection
On the regularization of image semantics by modal expansion.
modal expansion	image semantics
Phase-based frame interpolation for video.
phase-based frame interpolation
Minimal Solutions for Panoramic Stitching.
minimal solutions	panoramic stitching
Learning Latent Temporal Connectionism of Deep Residual Visual Abstractions for Identifying Surgical Tools in Laparoscopy Procedures.
learning latent temporal connectionism	deep residual visual abstractions	identifying surgical tools	laparoscopy procedures
Multi-target Tracking by Rank-1 Tensor Approximation.
rank-1 tensor approximation	multi-target tracking
Autonomous navigation and mapping using monocular low-resolution grayscale vision.
monocular low-resolution grayscale vision	autonomous navigation
The Incremental Multiresolution Matrix Factorization Algorithm.
incremental multiresolution matrix factorization algorithm
A Riemannian Framework for Matching Point Clouds Represented by the Schrödinger Distance Transform.
schrödinger distance transform	matching point clouds represented	riemannian framework
Inferring tracklets for multi-object tracking.
multi-object tracking	inferring tracklets
Contour-based joint clustering of multiple segmentations.
contour-based joint clustering	multiple segmentations
Wide-Baseline Hair Capture Using Strand-Based Refinement.
wide-baseline hair capture	strand-based refinement
Manifold learning for 4D CT reconstruction of the lung.
4d ct reconstruction	manifold learning
A motion based real-time foveation control loop for rapid and relevant 3D laser scanning.
motion based real-time foveation control loop	relevant 3d laser scanning
Situation Recognition: Visual Semantic Role Labeling for Image Understanding.
visual semantic role labeling	situation recognition	image understanding
Histograms of oriented optical flow and Binet-Cauchy kernels on nonlinear dynamical systems for the recognition of human actions.
nonlinear dynamical systems	oriented optical flow	binet-cauchy kernels	human actions
Adaptive Compressed Tomography Sensing.
adaptive compressed tomography sensing
Image retrieval with geometry-preserving visual phrases.
geometry-preserving visual phrases	image retrieval
PPP: Joint Pointwise and Pairwise Image Label Prediction.
pairwise image label prediction	joint pointwise
Person identification from action styles.
action styles	person identification
Latent Fingerprint Image Segmentation Using Fractal Dimension Features and Weighted Extreme Learning Machine Ensemble.
weighted extreme learning machine ensemble	latent fingerprint image segmentation	fractal dimension features
Convolutional Pose Machines.
convolutional pose machines
Visualizing and Understanding Deep Texture Representations.
understanding deep texture representations
Meta-tag propagation by co-training an ensemble classifier for improving image search relevance.
improving image search relevance	meta-tag propagation	ensemble classifier
Photo-Realistic Single Image Super-Resolution Using a Generative Adversarial Network.
photo-realistic single image super-resolution	generative adversarial network
Nonrigid shape recovery by Gaussian process regression.
nonrigid shape recovery	gaussian process regression
Classifier grids for robust adaptive object detection.
robust adaptive object detection	classifier grids
Face alignment using cascade Gaussian process regression trees.
cascade gaussian process regression trees	face alignment
Application of the mean field methods to MRF optimization in computer vision.
mrf optimization	computer vision	field methods
High-fidelity Pose and Expression Normalization for face recognition in the wild.
high-fidelity pose	expression normalization	face recognition
Boosting adaptive linear weak classifiers for online learning and tracking.
boosting adaptive linear weak classifiers	online learning
High-Resolution Image Inpainting Using Multi-scale Neural Patch Synthesis.
multi-scale neural patch synthesis	high-resolution image inpainting
Learning a hierarchical compositional representation of multiple object classes.
hierarchical compositional representation	multiple object classes
Advances in phonetics-based sub-unit modeling for transcription alignment and sign language recognition.
phonetics-based sub-unit modeling	sign language recognition	transcription alignment
Background segmentation with feedback: The Pixel-Based Adaptive Segmenter.
pixel-based adaptive segmenter	background segmentation
Vessel scale-selection using MRF optimization.
mrf optimization	vessel scale-selection
An Exemplar Model for Learning Object Classes.
learning object classes	exemplar model
Asymmetrical Gauss Mixture Models for Point Sets Matching.
asymmetrical gauss mixture models	point sets matching
Surveillance (Oversight), Sousveillance (Undersight), and Metaveillance (Seeing Sight Itself).
sousveillance
Active Flattening of Curved Document Images via Two Structured Beams.
curved document images	active flattening	structured beams
DeepXScope: Segmenting Microscopy Images with a Deep Neural Network.
segmenting microscopy images	deep neural network
A linear estimation method for 3D pose and facial animation tracking.
linear estimation method	facial animation tracking	3d pose
Discriminative feature fusion for image classification.
discriminative feature fusion	image classification
Discriminative illumination: Per-pixel classification of raw materials based on optimal projections of spectral BRDF.
raw materials based	optimal projections	discriminative illumination	per-pixel classification	spectral brdf
Optimization of landmark selection for cortical surface registration.
cortical surface registration	landmark selection
Automatic Recognition of Offensive Team Formation in American Football Plays.
offensive team formation	american football plays	automatic recognition
Generating Discriminative Object Proposals via Submodular Ranking.
generating discriminative object proposals	submodular ranking
Exploring aligned complementary image pair for blind motion deblurring.
exploring aligned complementary image pair	blind motion deblurring
Twisted window search for efficient shape localization.
twisted window search	efficient shape localization
Primary Object Segmentation in Videos via Alternate Convex Optimization of Foreground and Background Distributions.
primary object segmentation	alternate convex optimization	background distributions
Efficient 3D kernel estimation for non-uniform camera shake removal using perpendicular camera system.
efficient 3d kernel estimation	non-uniform camera shake removal	perpendicular camera system
Joint gait-pose manifold for video-based human motion estimation.
video-based human motion estimation	joint gait-pose manifold
Large-Scale Optimization of Hierarchical Features for Saliency Prediction in Natural Images.
large-scale optimization	saliency prediction	hierarchical features	natural images
Robust large scale monocular visual SLAM.
robust large scale monocular visual slam
Detecting Events and Key Actors in Multi-person Videos.
detecting events	key actors	multi-person videos
24/7 place recognition by view synthesis.
24/7 place recognition	view synthesis
Three things everyone should know to improve object retrieval.
improve object retrieval
Deep Supervised Hashing for Fast Image Retrieval.
deep supervised hashing	fast image retrieval
Marker-less Deformable Mesh Tracking for Human Shape and Motion Capture.
deformable mesh tracking	motion capture	human shape
Factorized Variational Autoencoders for Modeling Audience Reactions to Movies.
factorized variational autoencoders	modeling audience reactions
Macro-cuboïd based probabilistic matching for lip-reading digits.
based probabilistic matching	lip-reading digits
DeepEdge: A multi-scale bifurcated deep network for top-down contour detection.
multi-scale bifurcated deep network	contour detection
Center-Shift: An approach towards automatic robust mesh segmentation (ARMS).
automatic robust mesh segmentation
HPatches: A Benchmark and Evaluation of Handcrafted and Learned Local Descriptors.
learned local descriptors
Consistency of Silhouettes and Their Duals.
duals
Closing the loop in scene interpretation.
scene interpretation
Multi-source Multi-scale Counting in Extremely Dense Crowd Images.
extremely dense crowd images	multi-source multi-scale counting
Conditional Graphical Lasso for Multi-label Image Classification.
multi-label image classification	conditional graphical lasso
Can Combining Demographics and Biometrics Improve De-duplication Performance?
biometrics improve de-duplication performance	combining demographics
Learning a sequential search for landmarks.
sequential search
Shape from Planar Curves: A Linear Escape from Flatland.
planar curves	linear escape
Target Identity-aware Network Flow for online multiple target tracking.
target identity-aware network flow	online multiple target tracking
Low-Rank Embedded Ensemble Semantic Dictionary for Zero-Shot Learning.
low-rank embedded ensemble semantic dictionary	zero-shot learning
Total variation for cyclic structures: Convex relaxation and efficient minimization.
cyclic structures	total variation	efficient minimization	convex relaxation
Simultaneous Depth Reconstruction and Restoration of Noisy Stereo Images using Non-local Pixel Distribution.
simultaneous depth reconstruction	noisy stereo images	non-local pixel distribution
Filter Flow Made Practical: Massively Parallel and Lock-Free.
filter flow made practical	massively parallel
Light Field Scale-Depth Space Transform for Dense Depth Estimation.
light field scale-depth space transform	dense depth estimation
Unconstrained 3D face reconstruction.
unconstrained 3d face reconstruction
Recognizing human actions by attributes.
recognizing human actions
Crowdsourcing for Chromosome Segmentation and Deep Classification.
deep classification	chromosome segmentation
Data handling displays.
data handling displays
Design of a Chromatic 3D Camera with an End-to-End Performance Model Approach.
end-to-end performance model approach	chromatic 3d camera
Analysis, Comparison, and Assessment of Latent Fingerprint Image Preprocessing.
latent fingerprint image preprocessing
S2F: Slow-to-Fast Interpolator Flow.
slow-to-fast interpolator flow
Diversified Texture Synthesis with Feed-Forward Networks.
diversified texture synthesis	feed-forward networks
Covariance discriminative learning: A natural and efficient approach to image set classification.
covariance discriminative learning	image set classification	efficient approach
Subspace segmentation with outliers: A grassmannian approach to the maximum consensus subspace.
maximum consensus subspace	subspace segmentation	grassmannian approach
Do It Yourself Hyperspectral Imaging with Everyday Digital Cameras.
everyday digital cameras	hyperspectral imaging
Recovering fluid-type motions using Navier-Stokes potential flow.
recovering fluid-type motions	navier-stokes potential flow
Associating audio-visual activity cues in a dominance estimation framework.
associating audio-visual activity cues	dominance estimation framework
Using Projection Kurtosis Concentration of Natural Images for Blind Noise Covariance Matrix Estimation.
blind noise covariance matrix estimation	projection kurtosis concentration	natural images
3D Hallway Modeling Using a Single Image.
3d hallway modeling	single image
Vanishing points estimation by self-similarity.
vanishing points estimation
Multiview normal field integration using level set methods.
multiview normal field integration	level set methods
StoryGraphs: Visualizing Character Interactions as a Timeline.
visualizing character interactions
Variational Bayesian Multiple Instance Learning with Gaussian Processes.
variational bayesian multiple instance learning	gaussian processes
Image saliency: From intrinsic to extrinsic context.
extrinsic context	image saliency
The emperor's new masks: On demographic differences and disguises.
demographic differences
Sampling Strategies for Real-Time Action Recognition.
real-time action recognition	sampling strategies
Joint Learning of Convolutional Neural Networks and Temporally Constrained Metrics for Tracklet Association.
temporally constrained metrics	convolutional neural networks	tracklet association	joint learning
Fast and flexible convolutional sparse coding.
flexible convolutional sparse coding
Static and Moving Object Detection Using Flux Tensor with Split Gaussian Models.
moving object detection	split gaussian models	flux tensor
Similarity metrics and efficient optimization for simultaneous registration.
similarity metrics	efficient optimization	simultaneous registration
Embedded fall detection with a neural network and bio-inspired stereo vision.
bio-inspired stereo vision	embedded fall detection	neural network
The Kneed Walker for human pose tracking.
human pose tracking	kneed walker
Talking pictures: Temporal grouping and dialog-supervised person recognition.
dialog-supervised person recognition	temporal grouping	talking pictures
Angular embedding: From jarring intensity differences to perceived luminance.
jarring intensity differences	angular embedding	perceived luminance
Matrix completion for resolving label ambiguity.
resolving label ambiguity	matrix completion
Learning to Match Aerial Images with Deep Attentive Architectures.
deep attentive architectures	match aerial images
Sparse representation classification with manifold constraints transfer.
sparse representation classification	manifold constraints transfer
Sparse representations of image gradient orientations for visual recognition and tracking.
image gradient orientations	sparse representations	visual recognition
Nonnegative Tucker Decomposition.
nonnegative tucker decomposition
Connecting Look and Feel: Associating the Visual and Tactile Properties of Physical Materials.
physical materials	tactile properties
Curvilinear Structure Tracking by Low Rank Tensor Approximation with Model Propagation.
low rank tensor approximation	curvilinear structure tracking	model propagation
(De) focusing on global light transport for active scene recovery.
global light transport	active scene recovery
Nonparametric discriminant HMM and application to facial expression recognition.
nonparametric discriminant hmm	facial expression recognition
Simultaneous Feature Aggregating and Hashing for Large-Scale Image Search.
large-scale image search	simultaneous feature aggregating
FPGA-Based Fast Response Image Analysis for Autonomous or Semi-autonomous Indoor Flight.
fpga-based fast response image analysis	semi-autonomous indoor flight
DeepContour: A deep convolutional feature learned by positive-sharing loss for contour detection.
deep convolutional feature learned	contour detection	positive-sharing loss
Privacy preserving crowd monitoring: Counting people without people models or tracking.
privacy preserving crowd monitoring	people models	counting people
StyleBank: An Explicit Representation for Neural Image Style Transfer.
neural image style transfer	explicit representation
Jointly Aligning and Segmenting Multiple Web Photo Streams for the Inference of Collective Photo Storylines.
segmenting multiple web photo streams	collective photo storylines	jointly aligning
Unsupervised modeling of object categories using link analysis techniques.
link analysis techniques	unsupervised modeling	object categories
Understanding videos, constructing plots learning a visually grounded storyline model from annotated videos.
visually grounded storyline model	constructing plots learning	annotated videos	understanding videos
Facial Expression Recognition via a Boosted Deep Belief Network.
boosted deep belief network	facial expression recognition
Asymmetric region-to-image matching for comparing images with generic object categories.
generic object categories	asymmetric region-to-image matching	comparing images
Triangulation made easy.
triangulation made easy
Unsupervised learning of categorical segments in image collections.
categorical segments	image collections	unsupervised learning
Recognizing human actions from still images with latent poses.
recognizing human actions	latent poses
Filter Forests for Learning Data-Dependent Convolutional Kernels.
learning data-dependent convolutional kernels	filter forests
Simultaneous Super-Resolution of Depth and Images Using a Single Camera.
simultaneous super-resolution	single camera
Boundary Learning by Optimization with Topological Constraints.
boundary learning	topological constraints
StaRSaC: Stable random sample consensus for parameter estimation.
stable random sample consensus	parameter estimation
Pattern discovery in motion time series via structure-based spectral clustering.
structure-based spectral clustering	motion time series	pattern discovery
Neuron Segmentation Based on CNN with Semi-Supervised Regularization.
neuron segmentation based	semi-supervised regularization
Segmental Hidden Markov Models for View-based Sport Video Analysis.
view-based sport video analysis	segmental hidden markov models
2.5D building modeling by discovering global regularities.
discovering global regularities	5d building modeling
On the Performance Prediction and Validation for Multisensor Fusion.
multisensor fusion	performance prediction
From Pictorial Structures to deformable structures.
pictorial structures	deformable structures
Cost-sensitive subspace learning for face recognition.
cost-sensitive subspace learning	face recognition
Dense reconstruction on-the-fly.
dense reconstruction on-the-fly
Evaluation of color descriptors for object and scene recognition.
scene recognition	color descriptors
New appearance models for natural image matting.
natural image matting	appearance models
Nonlinear shape manifolds as shape priors in level set segmentation and tracking.
level set segmentation	nonlinear shape manifolds	shape priors
Off-axis aperture camera: 3D shape reconstruction and image restoration.
off-axis aperture camera	3d shape reconstruction	image restoration
Dense specular shape from multiple specular flows.
multiple specular flows	dense specular shape
Inverse Compositional Spatial Transformer Networks.
inverse compositional spatial transformer networks
Exploring Structural Information and Fusing Multiple Features for Person Re-identification.
fusing multiple features	exploring structural information	person re-identification
Aggregating gradient distributions into intensity orders: A novel local image descriptor.
local image descriptor	aggregating gradient distributions	intensity orders
Real-time estimation of human attention field in LWIR and color surveillance videos.
human attention field	color surveillance videos	real-time estimation
High-quality scanning using time-of-flight depth superresolution.
time-of-flight depth superresolution	high-quality scanning
When Kernel Methods Meet Feature Learning: Log-Covariance Network for Action Recognition From Skeletal Data.
kernel methods meet feature learning	log-covariance network	action recognition	skeletal data
6-DOF pose estimation from single Ultrasound image using 3D IP models.
single ultrasound image	3d ip models	6-dof pose estimation
Multi view registration for novelty/background separation.
multi view registration	novelty/background separation
Syntactic image parsing using ontology and semantic descriptions.
syntactic image parsing	semantic descriptions
Recovering Surface Details under General Unknown Illumination Using Shading and Coarse Multi-view Stereo.
recovering surface details	coarse multi-view stereo	general unknown illumination
DR(eye)VE: A Dataset for Attention-Based Tasks with Applications to Autonomous and Assisted Driving.
assisted driving	attention-based tasks
Dual domain auxiliary particle filter with integrated target signature update.
dual domain auxiliary particle filter	integrated target signature update
Beyond Comparing Image Pairs: Setwise Active Learning for Relative Attributes.
comparing image pairs	setwise active learning	relative attributes
Clothing Co-parsing by Joint Image Segmentation and Labeling.
joint image segmentation	clothing co-parsing
Removing pedestrians from Google street view images.
google street view images	removing pedestrians
Cross-Scale Cost Aggregation for Stereo Matching.
cross-scale cost aggregation	stereo matching
Camera calibration with lens distortion from low-rank textures.
low-rank textures	lens distortion	camera calibration
Efficient Large-Scale Structured Learning.
efficient large-scale structured learning
Efficient Indexing of Billion-Scale Datasets of Deep Descriptors.
efficient indexing	billion-scale datasets	deep descriptors
Fast Algorithms for Linear and Kernel SVM+.
kernel svm+	fast algorithms
Snapshot Hyperspectral Light Field Imaging.
snapshot hyperspectral light field imaging
Multi-view 3D Object Detection Network for Autonomous Driving.
multi-view 3d object detection network	autonomous driving
Cost-sensitive face recognition.
cost-sensitive face recognition
Demo: ShopMobile II: Eyes-free supermarket grocery shopping for visually impaired mobile phone users.
visually impaired mobile phone users	eyes-free supermarket grocery shopping	shopmobile ii
Fast, Accurate Detection of 100, 000 Object Classes on a Single Machine.
single machine	accurate detection	000 object classes
Fast Mean Shift by compact density representation.
compact density representation
Using specular highlights as pose invariant features for 2D-3D pose estimation.
2d-3d pose estimation	pose invariant features	specular highlights
Alternating Direction Graph Matching.
alternating direction graph matching
Adaptive and compact shape descriptor by progressive feature combination and selection with boosting.
compact shape descriptor	progressive feature combination
Robust non-local denoising of colored depth data.
colored depth data	robust non-local denoising
An Efficient Algebraic Solution to the Perspective-Three-Point Problem.
efficient algebraic solution	perspective-three-point problem
Nuclei Segmentation of Fluorescence Microscopy Images Using Three Dimensional Convolutional Neural Networks.
dimensional convolutional neural networks	fluorescence microscopy images	nuclei segmentation
Detecting and locating crosswalks using a camera phone.
locating crosswalks	camera phone
Generalized Deep Image to Image Regression.
generalized deep image	image regression
The VQA-Machine: Learning How to Use Existing Vision Algorithms to Answer New Questions.
existing vision algorithms
Omni-range spatial contexts for visual classification.
omni-range spatial contexts	visual classification
Large-Scale Semantic 3D Reconstruction: An Adaptive Multi-resolution Model for Multi-class Volumetric Labeling.
large-scale semantic 3d reconstruction	adaptive multi-resolution model	multi-class volumetric labeling
One-day outdoor photometric stereo via skylight estimation.
one-day outdoor photometric stereo	skylight estimation
Unbiased look at dataset bias.
dataset bias
Social interactions: A first-person perspective.
first-person perspective	social interactions
A fully statistical framework for shape detection in image primitives.
fully statistical framework	shape detection	image primitives
HDR Deghosting: How to Deal with Saturation?
hdr deghosting
Optimised KD-trees for fast image descriptor matching.
fast image descriptor matching	optimised kd-trees
Forecasting Interactive Dynamics of Pedestrians with Fictitious Play.
forecasting interactive dynamics	fictitious play
Recognizing human group activities with localized causalities.
recognizing human group activities	localized causalities
Semantic Modelling for Behaviour Characterisation and Threat Detection.
semantic modelling	threat detection	behaviour characterisation
Scalable 3D Tracking of Multiple Interacting Objects.
scalable 3d tracking	multiple interacting objects
Acquiring Axially-Symmetric Transparent Objects Using Single-View Transmission Imaging.
acquiring axially-symmetric transparent objects	single-view transmission imaging
Feasibility Boundary in Dense and Semi-Dense Stereo Matching.
semi-dense stereo matching	feasibility boundary
RIGOR: Reusing Inference in Graph Cuts for Generating Object Regions.
generating object regions	reusing inference	graph cuts
Learning Dense Correspondence via 3D-Guided Cycle Consistency.
3d-guided cycle consistency	learning dense correspondence
A mutual-information scale-space for image feature detection and feature-based classification of volumetric brain images.
volumetric brain images	image feature detection	mutual-information scale-space	feature-based classification
Seeing 3D Chairs: Exemplar Part-Based 2D-3D Alignment Using a Large Dataset of CAD Models.
exemplar part-based 2d-3d alignment	3d chairs	cad models	large dataset
Unconstrained Monocular 3D Human Pose Estimation by Action Detection and Cross-Modality Regression Forest.
unconstrained monocular 3d human pose estimation	cross-modality regression forest	action detection
Photometric stereo with coherent outlier handling and confidence estimation.
coherent outlier handling	confidence estimation	photometric stereo
Cancelable iris biometrics and using Error Correcting Codes to reduce variability in biometric data.
error correcting codes	cancelable iris biometrics	reduce variability	biometric data
Tracking as Repeated Figure/Ground Segmentation.
repeated figure/ground segmentation
Beyond Alhazen's problem: Analytical projection model for non-central catadioptric cameras with quadric mirrors.
non-central catadioptric cameras	analytical projection model	quadric mirrors
Image specificity.
image specificity
Visibility in bad weather from a single image.
bad weather	single image
Multi-target Tracking with Motion Context in Tensor Power Iteration.
tensor power iteration	motion context	multi-target tracking
Temporal segmentation and activity classification from first-person sensing.
activity classification	first-person sensing	temporal segmentation
Matting and Depth Recovery of Thin Structures Using a Focal Stack.
depth recovery	focal stack	thin structures
Fusing Spatiotemporal Features and Joints for 3D Action Recognition.
fusing spatiotemporal features	3d action recognition
LCDet: Low-Complexity Fully-Convolutional Neural Networks for Object Detection in Embedded Systems.
low-complexity fully-convolutional neural networks	object detection	embedded systems
Fully Automated Non-rigid Segmentation with Distance Regularized Level Set Evolution Initialized and Constrained by Deep-Structured Inference.
distance regularized level set evolution initialized	fully automated non-rigid segmentation	deep-structured inference
Multiphase geometric couplings for the segmentation of neural processes.
multiphase geometric couplings	neural processes
Deep Supervision with Shape Concepts for Occlusion-Aware 3D Object Parsing.
occlusion-aware 3d object parsing	shape concepts	deep supervision
WILDCAT: Weakly Supervised Learning of Deep ConvNets for Image Classification, Pointwise Localization and Segmentation.
weakly supervised learning	pointwise localization	deep convnets	image classification
Simultaneous image classification and annotation.
simultaneous image classification
Distribution fields for tracking.
distribution fields
Towards Fast and Accurate Segmentation.
accurate segmentation
Is object localization for free? - Weakly-supervised learning with convolutional neural networks.
convolutional neural networks	object localization	weakly-supervised learning
Assisting Users in a World Full of Cameras: A Privacy-Aware Infrastructure for Computer Vision Applications.
computer vision applications	world full	assisting users	privacy-aware infrastructure
The Fastest Deformable Part Model for Object Detection.
fastest deformable part model	object detection
Marr Revisited: 2D-3D Alignment via Surface Normal Prediction.
surface normal prediction	2d-3d alignment	marr revisited
Segmenting video into classes of algorithm-suitability.
segmenting video
Multivariate nonlinear mixed model to analyze longitudinal image data: MRI study of early brain development.
analyze longitudinal image data	multivariate nonlinear mixed model	early brain development	mri study
Towards Facial Expression Recognition in the Wild: A New Database and Deep Recognition System.
deep recognition system	facial expression recognition
Minimal Solvers for Relative Pose with a Single Unknown Radial Distortion.
single unknown radial distortion	relative pose	minimal solvers
Optical Flow with Semantic Segmentation and Localized Layers.
optical flow	localized layers	semantic segmentation
Computer vision based assessment of hand-eye coordination in young gamers: A baseline approach.
computer vision based assessment	hand-eye coordination	baseline approach	young gamers
Simultaneous Active Learning of Classifiers & Attributes via Relative Feedback.
simultaneous active learning	classifiers & attributes	relative feedback
HON4D: Histogram of Oriented 4D Normals for Activity Recognition from Depth Sequences.
oriented 4d normals	activity recognition	depth sequences
Relaxing the 3L algorithm for an accurate implicit polynomial fitting.
accurate implicit polynomial fitting	3l algorithm
Simultaneous feature learning and hash coding with deep neural networks.
simultaneous feature learning	deep neural networks	hash coding
Face Presentation Attack Detection by Exploring Spectral Signatures.
face presentation attack detection	exploring spectral signatures
Dynamic and scalable large scale image reconstruction.
scalable large scale image reconstruction
Sample and Filter: Nonparametric Scene Parsing via Efficient Filtering.
nonparametric scene parsing	efficient filtering
Example-based cross-modal denoising.
example-based cross-modal denoising
Symmetry-Aware Nonrigid Matching of Incomplete 3D Surfaces.
symmetry-aware nonrigid matching	incomplete 3d surfaces
Wigner distribution based motion tracking of human beings using thermal imaging.
wigner distribution based motion tracking	thermal imaging	human beings
Metric Learning as Convex Combinations of Local Models with Generalization Guarantees.
generalization guarantees	local models	convex combinations	metric learning
Cats and dogs.
cats
Manifold guided composite of Markov random fields for image modeling.
manifold guided composite	markov random fields	image modeling
Photorealistic Facial Texture Inference Using Deep Neural Networks.
photorealistic facial texture inference	deep neural networks
Track and Segment: An Iterative Unsupervised Approach for Video Object Proposals.
video object proposals	iterative unsupervised approach
Robust Visual Place Recognition with Graph Kernels.
robust visual place recognition	graph kernels
Weakly Supervised Deep Detection Networks.
weakly supervised deep detection networks
Deeply learned attributes for crowded scene understanding.
deeply learned attributes	crowded scene understanding
People-tracking-by-detection and people-detection-by-tracking.
people-detection-by-tracking
Extending two non-parametric transforms for FPGA based stereo matching using bayer filtered cameras.
fpga based stereo matching	bayer filtered cameras	non-parametric transforms
Bayesian tactile face.
bayesian tactile face
A Paradigm for Building Generalized Models of Human Image Perception through Data Fusion.
building generalized models	human image perception	data fusion
Unsupervised Part Learning for Visual Recognition.
unsupervised part learning	visual recognition
Viewpoint-independent object class detection using 3D Feature Maps.
viewpoint-independent object class detection	3d feature maps
Performance Improvement of Phase-Based Correspondence Matching for Palmprint Recognition.
phase-based correspondence matching	performance improvement	palmprint recognition
ABSORB: Atlas building by Self-Organized Registration and Bundling.
self-organized registration	atlas building
HMM-based geometric signatures for compact 3D face representation and matching.
compact 3d face representation	hmm-based geometric signatures
Adaptive Deep Metric Learning for Identity-Aware Facial Expression Recognition.
identity-aware facial expression recognition	adaptive deep metric learning
Applications of Human Motion Tracking: Smart Lighting Control.
smart lighting control	human motion tracking
Cluster tracking with Time-of-Flight cameras.
cluster tracking	time-of-flight cameras
Accurate Object Localization with Shape Masks.
accurate object localization	shape masks
Fixation Prediction in Videos Using Unsupervised Hierarchical Features.
unsupervised hierarchical features	fixation prediction
Robust visual tracking via multi-task sparse learning.
robust visual tracking	multi-task sparse learning
Parameter Sensitive Detectors.
parameter sensitive detectors
Track and Transfer: Watching Videos to Simulate Strong Human Supervision for Weakly-Supervised Object Detection.
simulate strong human supervision	weakly-supervised object detection	watching videos
Learning Diverse Image Colorization.
learning diverse image colorization
A factorization approach to structure from motion with shape priors.
shape priors	factorization approach
Discontinuous seam-carving for video retargeting.
video retargeting	discontinuous seam-carving
Joint face alignment with a generic deformable face model.
generic deformable face model	joint face alignment
Good features to track for visual SLAM.
visual slam	good features
Visible-Spectrum Gaze Tracking for Sports.
visible-spectrum gaze tracking
Fast, Accurate Thin-Structure Obstacle Detection for Autonomous Mobile Robots.
accurate thin-structure obstacle detection	autonomous mobile robots
Mining semantic affordances of visual object categories.
visual object categories	mining semantic affordances
Addressing System-Level Optimization with OpenVX Graphs.
addressing system-level optimization	openvx graphs
Exact inference in multi-label CRFs with higher order cliques.
higher order cliques	multi-label crfs	exact inference
Motion Language of Stereo Image Sequence.
stereo image sequence	motion language
Locality in Generic Instance Search from One Example.
generic instance search
L1 rotation averaging using the Weiszfeld algorithm.
l1 rotation averaging	weiszfeld algorithm
3D scanning deformable objects with a single RGBD sensor.
3d scanning deformable objects	single rgbd sensor
Person re-identification by symmetry-driven accumulation of local features.
local features	person re-identification	symmetry-driven accumulation
Non-uniform deblurring for shaken images.
non-uniform deblurring	shaken images
Partial Occlusion Handling for Visual Tracking via Robust Part Matching.
partial occlusion handling	robust part matching	visual tracking
Just Look at the Image: Viewpoint-Specific Surface Normal Prediction for Improved Multi-View Reconstruction.
viewpoint-specific surface normal prediction	improved multi-view reconstruction
Volumetric 3D Tracking by Detection.
volumetric 3d tracking
Estimation of Affective Level in the Wild with Multiple Memory Networks.
multiple memory networks	affective level
Sensor planning for automated and persistent object tracking with multiple cameras.
persistent object tracking	multiple cameras	sensor planning
Dense Lagrangian motion estimation with occlusions.
dense lagrangian motion estimation
Hierarchical semantic indexing for large scale image retrieval.
large scale image retrieval	hierarchical semantic indexing
Deep learning of binary hash codes for fast image retrieval.
fast image retrieval	binary hash codes	deep learning
Using Ranking-CNN for Age Estimation.
age estimation
A Robust Warping Method for Fingerprint Matching.
robust warping method	fingerprint matching
Trajectory parsing by cluster sampling in spatio-temporal graph.
spatio-temporal graph	trajectory parsing	cluster sampling
Efficient Scene Layout Aware Object Detection for Traffic Surveillance.
efficient scene layout aware object detection	traffic surveillance
WIDER FACE: A Face Detection Benchmark.
face detection benchmark	wider face
Inference for order reduction in Markov random fields.
markov random fields	order reduction
A Statistical Model for Recreational Trails in Aerial Images.
aerial images	recreational trails	statistical model
Probabilistic 3D occupancy flow with latent silhouette cues.
probabilistic 3d occupancy flow	latent silhouette cues
Robust non-rigid registration of 2D and 3D graphs.
robust non-rigid registration	3d graphs
Robust Three-View Triangulation Done Fast.
robust three-view triangulation
Bilateral Space Video Segmentation.
bilateral space video segmentation
How to Build an Average Model When Samples are Variably Incomplete? Application to Fossil Data.
average model	fossil data	variably incomplete
RUNE-Tag: A high accuracy fiducial marker with strong occlusion resilience.
high accuracy fiducial marker	strong occlusion resilience
Recognizing linked events: Searching the space of feasible explanations.
recognizing linked events	feasible explanations
Image Splicing Detection via Camera Response Function Analysis.
camera response function analysis	image splicing detection
Quasi-Dense Wide Baseline Matching Using Match Propagation.
quasi-dense wide baseline matching	match propagation
Incremental Activity Modeling and Recognition in Streaming Videos.
incremental activity modeling	streaming videos
The Assignment Manifold: A Smooth Model for Image Labeling.
smooth model	assignment manifold	image labeling
Video Event Detection by Inferring Temporal Instance Labels.
inferring temporal instance labels	video event detection
Sparse probabilistic regression for activity-independent human pose inference.
activity-independent human pose inference	sparse probabilistic regression
Feature matching in underwater environments using sparse linear combinations.
sparse linear combinations	underwater environments	feature matching
Simultaneous Covariance Driven Correspondence (CDC) and Transformation Estimation in the Expectation Maximization Framework.
simultaneous covariance driven correspondence	expectation maximization framework	transformation estimation
Large-scale image classification: Fast feature extraction and SVM training.
fast feature extraction	large-scale image classification	svm training
Evaluation of Cost Functions for Stereo Matching.
cost functions	stereo matching
Taking a deeper look at pedestrians.
pedestrians
REVEAL intermediate report.
reveal intermediate report
Discovering the Structure of a Planar Mirror System from Multiple Observations of a Single Point.
planar mirror system	single point	multiple observations
Optimizing Distribution-based Matching by Random Subsampling.
optimizing distribution-based matching	random subsampling
Unsupervised Learning of Edges.
unsupervised learning
Combining 2D and 3D hand geometry features for biometric verification.
3d hand geometry features	combining 2d	biometric verification
Good Vibrations: A Modal Analysis Approach for Sequential Non-rigid Structure from Motion.
modal analysis approach	sequential non-rigid structure	good vibrations
Constraints as Features.
features
Minimizing the Maximal Rank.
maximal rank
DeepFace: Closing the Gap to Human-Level Performance in Face Verification.
face verification	human-level performance
Learning stick-figure models using nonparametric Bayesian priors over trees.
nonparametric bayesian priors	learning stick-figure models
Feature transformation of biometric templates for secure biometric systems based on error correcting codes.
secure biometric systems based	error correcting codes	biometric templates	feature transformation
Boundary snapping for robust image cutouts.
robust image cutouts	boundary snapping
Gaze estimation from multimodal Kinect data.
multimodal kinect data	gaze estimation
Laser speckle photography for surface tampering detection.
laser speckle photography	surface tampering detection
High-quality curvelet-based motion deblurring from an image pair.
high-quality curvelet-based motion deblurring	image pair
DeepHand: Robust Hand Pose Estimation by Completing a Matrix Imputed with Deep Features.
robust hand pose estimation	matrix imputed	deep features
Video Segmentation via Multiple Granularity Analysis.
multiple granularity analysis	video segmentation
Decoding, Calibration and Rectification for Lenselet-Based Plenoptic Cameras.
lenselet-based plenoptic cameras
Part and appearance sharing: Recursive Compositional Models for multi-view.
recursive compositional models	appearance sharing
Hierarchical image segmentation by polygon grouping.
hierarchical image segmentation	polygon grouping
Facial expression editing in video using a temporally-smooth factorization.
facial expression editing	temporally-smooth factorization
Face illumination transfer through edge-preserving filters.
face illumination transfer	edge-preserving filters
Globally Optimal Rigid Intensity Based Registration: A Fast Fourier Domain Approach.
globally optimal rigid intensity based registration	fast fourier domain approach
Informed Haar-Like Features Improve Pedestrian Detection.
features improve pedestrian detection	informed haar-
Standardization of intensity-values acquired by Time-of-Flight-cameras.
intensity-values acquired
Towards Scalable Representations of Object Categories: Learning a Hierarchy of Parts.
scalable representations	object categories
Linear spatial pyramid matching using sparse coding for image classification.
linear spatial pyramid matching	image classification	sparse coding
A novel Markov random field based deformable model for face recognition.
markov random field based deformable model	face recognition
A Nonlinear Regression Technique for Manifold Valued Data with Applications to Medical Image Analysis.
nonlinear regression technique	medical image analysis	manifold valued data
IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, CVPR Workshops 2009, Miami, FL, 20-25 June, 2009
pattern recognition	cvpr workshops 2009	ieee conference	computer vision	20-25 june
Photometric stereo and weather estimation using internet images.
internet images	photometric stereo	weather estimation
Selection of temporally dithered codes for increasing virtual depth of field in structured light systems.
temporally dithered codes	structured light systems	increasing virtual depth
Face detection at a distance using saliency maps.
face detection	saliency maps
Using Genetic Algorithms to Improve Matching Performance of Changeable biometrics from Combining PCA and ICA Methods.
improve matching performance	ica methods	genetic algorithms	changeable biometrics	combining pca
Automated Individualization of Deformable Eye Region Model and Its Application to Eye Motion Analysis.
deformable eye region model	eye motion analysis	automated individualization
Learning IMED via shift-invariant transformation.
shift-invariant transformation	learning imed
Rectification, and Segmentation of Coplanar Repeated Patterns.
coplanar repeated patterns
Hierarchical Recurrent Neural Encoder for Video Representation with Application to Captioning.
hierarchical recurrent neural encoder	video representation
Partial similarity based nonparametric scene parsing in certain environment.
partial similarity based nonparametric scene parsing
Temporally Coherent 4D Reconstruction of Complex Dynamic Scenes.
temporally coherent 4d reconstruction	complex dynamic scenes
Real-Time Depth Refinement for Specular Objects.
real-time depth refinement	specular objects
Mining Object Parts from CNNs via Active Question-Answering.
mining object parts	active question-answering
Recognizing realistic actions from videos .
recognizing realistic actions
Self-Supervised Neural Aggregation Networks for Human Parsing.
self-supervised neural aggregation networks	human parsing
Deeply Supervised Salient Object Detection with Short Connections.
deeply supervised salient object detection	short connections
Image sets alignment for Video-Based Face Recognition.
video-based face recognition	image sets alignment
General Models for Rational Cameras and the Case of Two-Slit Projections.
general models	rational cameras	two-slit projections
Enriching object detection with 2D-3D registration and continuous viewpoint estimation.
continuous viewpoint estimation	enriching object detection	2d-3d registration
What Value Do Explicit High Level Concepts Have in Vision to Language Problems?
explicit high level concepts	language problems
Semantic segmentation of urban scenes by learning local class interactions.
learning local class interactions	urban scenes	semantic segmentation
Fast Detection of Curved Edges at Low SNR.
fast detection	curved edges	low snr
An EM algorithm for brain tumor image registration: A tumor growth modeling based approach.
tumor growth modeling based approach	brain tumor image registration	em algorithm
Stereo matching in the presence of sub-pixel calibration errors.
sub-pixel calibration errors	stereo matching
Towards Automatic Photometric Correction of Casually Illuminated Documents.
automatic photometric correction	casually illuminated documents
Mumford-Shah Meets Stereo: Integration of Weak Depth Hypotheses.
weak depth hypotheses	mumford-shah meets stereo
Quality-Based Multimodal Classification Using Tree-Structured Sparsity.
quality-based multimodal classification	tree-structured sparsity
Joint Mobile-Cloud Video Stabilization.
joint mobile-cloud video stabilization
Parsing World's Skylines Using Shape-Constrained MRFs.
parsing world	shape-constrained mrfs
We are Humor Beings: Understanding and Predicting Visual Humor.
predicting visual humor	humor beings
Color constancy using faces.
color constancy
The Role of Synchronic Causal Conditions in Visual Knowledge Learning.
visual knowledge learning	synchronic causal conditions
Book2Movie: Aligning video scenes with book chapters.
aligning video scenes	book chapters
Complex Salient Regions for Computer Vision Problems.
complex salient regions	computer vision problems
An optimized vision library approach for embedded systems.
optimized vision library approach	embedded systems
Simple calibration of non-overlapping cameras with a mirror.
non-overlapping cameras	simple calibration
Optical Flow Estimation Using a Spatial Pyramid Network.
spatial pyramid network	optical flow estimation
Learning Discriminative Illumination and Filters for Raw Material Classification with Optimal Projections of Bidirectional Texture Functions.
raw material classification	bidirectional texture functions	learning discriminative illumination	optimal projections
A new convexity measurement for 3D meshes.
3d meshes	convexity measurement
Regularizing Long Short Term Memory with 3D Human-Skeleton Sequences for Action Recognition.
regularizing long short term memory	3d human-skeleton sequences	action recognition
One-Class Multiple-Look Fusion: A Theoretical Comparison of Different Approaches with Examples from Infrared Video.
theoretical comparison	infrared video	one-class multiple-
Harvesting Multiple Views for Marker-Less 3D Human Pose Annotations.
3d human pose annotations	harvesting multiple views
Joint Learning from Earth Observation and OpenStreetMap Data to Get Faster Better Semantic Maps.
semantic maps	earth observation	joint learning	openstreetmap data
Towards Open Set Deep Networks.
open set deep networks
Registering Retinal Vessel Images from Local to Global via Multiscale and Multicycle Features.
registering retinal vessel images	multicycle features
Feature detection and matching on an SIMD/MIMD hybrid embedded processor.
simd/mimd hybrid embedded processor	feature detection
Fast Sparse Gaussian Processes Learning for Man-Made Structure Classification.
fast sparse gaussian processes learning	man-made structure classification
Learning the abstract motion semantics of verbs from captioned videos.
abstract motion semantics	captioned videos
From pixels to physics: Probabilistic color de-rendering.
probabilistic color de-rendering
Keystone correction for stereoscopic cinematography.
stereoscopic cinematography	keystone correction
Benchmarking Denoising Algorithms with Real Photographs.
benchmarking denoising algorithms	real photographs
Robust Pose Features for Action Recognition.
robust pose features	action recognition
SURF cascade face detection acceleration on Sandy Bridge processor.
surf cascade face detection acceleration	sandy bridge processor
Efficient Indexing For Articulation Invariant Shape Matching And Retrieval.
articulation invariant shape matching	efficient indexing
Hierarchical face parsing via deep learning.
hierarchical face parsing	deep learning
Building text features for object image classification.
building text features	object image classification
Learning Optimal Seeds for Diffusion-Based Salient Object Detection.
diffusion-based salient object detection	learning optimal seeds
Scene Flow to Action Map: A New Representation for RGB-D Based Action Recognition with Convolutional Neural Networks.
convolutional neural networks	based action recognition	action map	scene flow
Fast and Robust Object Detection Using Visual Subcategories.
robust object detection	visual subcategories
Watching Unlabeled Video Helps Learn New Human Actions from Very Few Labeled Snapshots.
watching unlabeled video helps learn	labeled snapshots	human actions
An active search strategy for efficient object class detection.
efficient object class detection	active search strategy
Deterministically maximizing feasible subsystem for robust model fitting with unit norm constraint.
deterministically maximizing feasible subsystem	robust model fitting	unit norm constraint
EpicFlow: Edge-preserving interpolation of correspondences for optical flow.
optical flow	edge-preserving interpolation
Tracking distributions with an overlap prior.
tracking distributions	overlap prior
Reconstructing Intensity Images from Binary Spatial Gradient Cameras.
binary spatial gradient cameras	reconstructing intensity images
Efficient Multiple Instance Metric Learning Using Weakly Supervised Data.
efficient multiple instance metric learning	weakly supervised data
Fully automatic multi-projector calibration with an uncalibrated camera.
fully automatic multi-projector calibration	uncalibrated camera
Estimating the aspect layout of object categories.
object categories	aspect layout
3D Face Recognition Founded on the Structural Diversity of Human Faces.
3d face recognition founded	human faces	structural diversity
A convolutional neural network cascade for face detection.
convolutional neural network cascade	face detection
Saliency-Based Detection for Maritime Object Tracking.
maritime object tracking	saliency-based detection
A theory of defocus via Fourier analysis.
fourier analysis
On Human Motion Prediction Using Recurrent Neural Networks.
human motion prediction	recurrent neural networks
Sensing and Recognizing Surface Textures Using a GelSight Sensor.
recognizing surface textures	gelsight sensor
Practical robust two-view translation estimation.
practical robust two-view translation estimation
Robust Low-Rank Regularized Regression for Face Recognition with Occlusion.
robust low-rank regularized regression	face recognition
Gated Feedback Refinement Network for Dense Image Labeling.
gated feedback refinement network	dense image labeling
BranchOut: Regularization for Online Ensemble Tracking with Convolutional Neural Networks.
convolutional neural networks	online ensemble tracking
Kernel fusion for better image deblurring.
kernel fusion	image deblurring
Discriminant Interest Points are Stable.
discriminant interest points
2D/3D Sensor Exploitation and Fusion for Enhanced Object Detection.
2d/3d sensor exploitation	enhanced object detection
From photography to microbiology: Eigenbiome models for skin appearance.
eigenbiome models	skin appearance
Hierarchical, learning-based automatic liver segmentation.
learning-based automatic liver segmentation
Traffic-Sign Detection and Classification in the Wild.
traffic-sign detection
Learning Detection with Diverse Proposals.
diverse proposals	learning detection
A recursive filter for linear systems on Riemannian manifolds.
recursive filter	riemannian manifolds	linear systems
Similarity Comparisons for Interactive Fine-Grained Categorization.
interactive fine-grained categorization	similarity comparisons
Supervised hypergraph labeling.
supervised hypergraph labeling
Evaluation of super-voxel methods for early video processing.
early video processing	super-voxel methods
Noise-optimal capture for high dynamic range photography.
high dynamic range photography	noise-optimal capture
Aerial Vehicle Tracking by Adaptive Fusion of Hyperspectral Likelihood Maps.
hyperspectral likelihood maps	aerial vehicle tracking	adaptive fusion
Simultaneous Visual Data Completion and Denoising Based on Tensor Rank and Total Variation Minimization and Its Primal-Dual Splitting Algorithm.
simultaneous visual data completion	primal-dual splitting algorithm	total variation minimization	tensor rank	denoising based
Biometric score fusion through discriminative training.
biometric score fusion	discriminative training
Implicit Active Contours Driven by Local Binary Fitting Energy.
local binary fitting energy	implicit active contours driven
Rain Streak Removal Using Layer Priors.
rain streak removal	layer priors
A Scalable graph-cut algorithm for N-D grids.
scalable graph-cut algorithm
Interpreting CNN Models for Apparent Personality Trait Regression.
apparent personality trait regression	interpreting cnn models
Real-time 3D head pose and facial landmark estimation from depth images using triangular surface patch features.
real-time 3d head pose	triangular surface patch features	facial landmark estimation	depth images
Time-Offset Conversations on a Life-Sized Automultiscopic Projector Array.
life-sized automultiscopic projector array	time-offset conversations
4D Light Field Superpixel and Segmentation.
4d light field superpixel
Robust Verification With Subsurface Fingerprint Recognition Using Full Field Optical Coherence Tomography.
full field optical coherence tomography	subsurface fingerprint recognition	robust verification
Learning object color models from multi-view constraints.
learning object color models	multi-view constraints
A light transport model for mitigating multipath interference in Time-of-flight sensors.
mitigating multipath interference	light transport model	time-of-flight sensors
ToF-sensors: New dimensions for realism and interactivity.
interactivity
High performance object detection by collaborative learning of Joint Ranking of Granules features.
high performance object detection	granules features	collaborative learning	joint ranking
FPGA-based robust ellipse estimation for circular road sign detection.
fpga-based robust ellipse estimation	circular road sign detection
Illumination Estimation Based on Bilayer Sparse Coding.
bilayer sparse coding	illumination estimation based
Eye Tracking for Everyone.
eye tracking
Fast Edge-Preserving PatchMatch for Large Displacement Optical Flow.
large displacement optical flow	fast edge-preserving patchmatch
Spatial-DiscLDA for visual recognition.
visual recognition
Leveraging Cognitive Context for Object Recognition.
leveraging cognitive context	object recognition
Learning on lie groups for invariant detection and tracking.
invariant detection	lie groups
The multiscale competitive code via sparse representation for palmprint verification.
multiscale competitive code	palmprint verification	sparse representation
A method for selecting and ranking quality metrics for optimization of biometric recognition systems.
biometric recognition systems	ranking quality metrics
A tensor-based algorithm for high-order graph matching.
high-order graph matching	tensor-based algorithm
Least squares surface reconstruction from measured gradient fields.
squares surface reconstruction	measured gradient fields
Tracking many vehicles in wide area aerial surveillance.
wide area aerial surveillance
Matching Local Self-Similarities across Images and Videos.
matching local self-similarities
Shading models for illumination and reflectance invariant shape detectors.
reflectance invariant shape detectors	shading models
A Compact and Discriminative Face Track Descriptor.
discriminative face track descriptor
3D face shape approximation from intensities using Partial Least Squares.
3d face shape approximation
Contextual Identity Recognition in Personal Photo Albums.
contextual identity recognition	personal photo albums
Designing Effective Inter-Pixel Information Flow for Natural Image Matting.
designing effective inter-pixel information flow	natural image matting
Image collection summarization via dictionary learning for sparse representation.
image collection summarization	dictionary learning	sparse representation
Noisy Label Recovery for Shadow Detection in Unfamiliar Domains.
noisy label recovery	shadow detection	unfamiliar domains
Image super-resolution as sparse representation of raw image patches.
raw image patches	image super-resolution	sparse representation
Camera localization and building reconstruction from single monocular images.
single monocular images	camera localization	building reconstruction
Robust airlight estimation for haze removal from a single image.
robust airlight estimation	haze removal	single image
Indoor-outdoor detector for mobile phone cameras using gentle boosting.
mobile phone cameras	indoor-outdoor detector	gentle boosting
Learning 4D action feature models for arbitrary view action recognition.
learning 4d action feature models	arbitrary view action recognition
Deep Image Matting.
deep image matting
Symmetric piecewise planar object reconstruction from a single image.
symmetric piecewise planar object reconstruction	single image
Shape-based object recognition in videos using 3D synthetic object models.
3d synthetic object models	shape-based object recognition
Robust Face Alignment for Illumination and Pose Invariant Face Recognition.
pose invariant face recognition	robust face alignment
Multi-source Multi-modal Activity Recognition in Aerial Video Surveillance.
multi-source multi-modal activity recognition	aerial video surveillance
Enhancing underwater images and videos by fusion.
enhancing underwater images
Intrinsic dense 3D surface tracking.
intrinsic dense 3d surface tracking
Attention to Scale: Scale-Aware Semantic Image Segmentation.
scale-aware semantic image segmentation
Part-Stacked CNN for Fine-Grained Visual Categorization.
fine-grained visual categorization	part-stacked cnn
Latent Multi-view Subspace Clustering.
latent multi-view subspace clustering
Wide-baseline stereo for face recognition with large pose variation.
large pose variation	wide-baseline stereo	face recognition
Consistent-Aware Deep Learning for Person Re-identification in a Camera Network.
consistent-aware deep learning	camera network	person re-identification
Optimized Pedestrian Detection for Multiple and Occluded People.
optimized pedestrian detection	occluded people
Heat-mapping: A robust approach toward perceptually consistent mesh segmentation.
perceptually consistent mesh segmentation	robust approach
Semi-supervised Node Splitting for Random Forest Construction.
semi-supervised node splitting	random forest construction
Image hallucination with feature enhancement.
feature enhancement	image hallucination
Ground-Based Activity Recognition at Distance and behind Wall.
ground-based activity recognition
Tracking in Low Frame Rate Video: A Cascade Particle Filter with Discriminative Observers of Different Lifespans.
low frame rate video	cascade particle filter	discriminative observers
3D Point Cloud Reduction Using Mixed-Integer Quadratic Programming.
3d point cloud reduction	mixed-integer quadratic programming
Dynamic Image Networks for Action Recognition.
dynamic image networks	action recognition
Modulation transfer function of patch-based stereo systems.
patch-based stereo systems	modulation transfer function
Learning Cross-Modal Embeddings for Cooking Recipes and Food Images.
learning cross-modal embeddings	food images	cooking recipes
Learning inter-related visual dictionary for object recognition.
learning inter-related visual dictionary	object recognition
Hallucinating the Full Face from the Periocular Region via Dimensionally Weighted K-SVD.
dimensionally weighted k-svd	full face	periocular region
Geometric Loss Functions for Camera Pose Regression with Deep Learning.
camera pose regression	geometric loss functions	deep learning
Mode-seeking on graphs via random walks.
random walks
Non-rigid registration between histological and MR images of the prostate: A joint segmentation and registration framework.
joint segmentation	registration framework	mr images	non-rigid registration
Learning Category-Specific 3D Shape Models from Weakly Labeled 2D Images.
learning category-specific 3d shape models	weakly labeled 2d images
Learning to Rank Retargeted Images.
rank retargeted images
Pore-based ridge reconstruction for fingerprint recognition.
pore-based ridge reconstruction	fingerprint recognition
A content-aware image prior.
content-aware image prior
Hard Mixtures of Experts for Large Scale Weakly Supervised Vision.
large scale weakly supervised vision	hard mixtures
Constrained planar cuts - Object partitioning for point clouds.
constrained planar cuts	point clouds	object partitioning
Recurrent Attention Models for Depth-Based Person Identification.
recurrent attention models	depth-based person identification
A hierarchical and contextual model for aerial image understanding.
aerial image understanding	contextual model
Discrete-Continuous Depth Estimation from a Single Image.
discrete-continuous depth estimation	single image
Sparsifying Neural Network Connections for Face Recognition.
sparsifying neural network connections	face recognition
Designing Category-Level Attributes for Discriminative Visual Recognition.
designing category-level attributes	discriminative visual recognition
Camera-projector matching using an unstructured video stream.
unstructured video stream	camera-projector matching
A Novel Chamfer Template Matching Method Using Variational Mean Field.
chamfer template matching method
Predicting Functional Regions on Objects.
predicting functional regions
Learning weights for codebook in image classification and retrieval.
image classification	learning weights
Normalized tree partitioning for image segmentation.
normalized tree partitioning	image segmentation
Variational registration of tensor-valued images.
tensor-valued images	variational registration
Automated Layout Synthesis and Visualization from Images of Interior or Exterior Spaces.
automated layout synthesis	exterior spaces
Video-Based Object Recognition Using Novel Set-of-Sets Representations.
video-based object recognition	set-of-sets representations
Efficient High-Resolution Stereo Matching Using Local Plane Sweeps.
efficient high-resolution stereo matching	local plane sweeps
Shared parts for deformable part-based models.
deformable part-based models	shared parts
Automatic Content-Aware Color and Tone Stylization.
automatic content-aware color	tone stylization
Bidirectional Beam Search: Forward-Backward Inference in Neural Sequence Models for Fill-in-the-Blank Image Captioning.
neural sequence models	bidirectional beam search	fill-in-the-blank image captioning	forward-backward inference
Classifying Video with Kernel Dynamic Textures.
kernel dynamic textures	classifying video
Blind Image Quality Assessment Using Semi-supervised Rectifier Networks.
blind image quality assessment	semi-supervised rectifier networks
Three Guidelines of Online Learning for Large-Scale Visual Recognition.
large-scale visual recognition	online learning
Edge preserving spatially varying mixtures for image segmentation.
edge preserving spatially varying mixtures	image segmentation
Deep Contrast Learning for Salient Object Detection.
deep contrast learning	salient object detection
Hyperbolic Harmonic Mapping for Constrained Brain Surface Registration.
constrained brain surface registration	hyperbolic harmonic mapping
Generalized Nonconvex Nonsmooth Low-Rank Minimization.
generalized nonconvex nonsmooth low-rank minimization
Recognizing Car Fluents from Video.
recognizing car fluents
Epitomic Representation of Human Activities.
epitomic representation	human activities
A Study of Lagrangean Decompositions and Dual Ascent Solvers for Graph Matching.
dual ascent solvers	lagrangean decompositions	graph matching
Affect valence inference from facial action unit spectrograms.
facial action unit spectrograms	affect valence inference
Tubular anisotropy for 2D vessel segmentation.
2d vessel segmentation	tubular anisotropy
Efficient Computation of Relative Pose for Multi-camera Systems.
efficient computation	relative pose	multi-camera systems
Recognizing objects by piecing together the Segmentation Puzzle.
segmentation puzzle	recognizing objects
A hierarchical approach to facial aging.
hierarchical approach	facial aging
How do we use our hands? Discovering a diverse set of common grasps.
diverse set	common grasps
CP-mtML: Coupled Projection Multi-Task Metric Learning for Large Scale Face Retrieval.
coupled projection multi-task metric learning	large scale face retrieval
An Early Experience Toward Developing Computer Aided Diagnosis for Gram-Stained Smears Images.
developing computer aided diagnosis	gram-stained smears images	early experience
Object Classification in Visual Surveillance Using Adaboost.
visual surveillance	object classification
Camouflaging an Object from Many Viewpoints.
camouflaging
Directions of egomotion from antipodal points.
antipodal points
Face Recognition in Video: Adaptive Fusion of Multiple Matchers.
multiple matchers	face recognition	adaptive fusion
Crossing the Line: Crowd Counting by Integer Programming with Local Features.
local features	crowd counting	integer programming
A data-driven approach for facial expression synthesis in video.
facial expression synthesis	data-driven approach
Robust Domain Adaptation on the L1-Grassmannian Manifold.
robust domain adaptation	l1-grassmannian manifold
"Has this person been encountered before?": Modeling an anonymous identification system.
anonymous identification system
BING: Binarized Normed Gradients for Objectness Estimation at 300fps.
binarized normed gradients	objectness estimation
Trace Quotient Meets Sparsity: A Method for Learning Low Dimensional Image Representations.
learning low dimensional image representations	trace quotient meets sparsity
O(N) implicit subspace embedding for unsupervised multi-scale image segmentation.
unsupervised multi-scale image segmentation	implicit subspace embedding
Face pose estimation and tracking using automatic 3D model construction.
automatic 3d model construction	face pose estimation
Texture Enhanced Image Denoising via Gradient Histogram Preservation.
texture enhanced image denoising	gradient histogram preservation
Capturing People in Surveillance Video.
surveillance video	capturing people
Improving RANSAC for fast landmark recognition.
fast landmark recognition	improving ransac
PETS 2016: Dataset and Challenge.
challenge
Generative Face Completion.
generative face completion
Scene understanding by statistical modeling of motion patterns.
motion patterns	scene understanding	statistical modeling
Optimal graph learning with partial tags and multiple features for image and video annotation.
optimal graph learning	multiple features	video annotation	partial tags
Towards an "In-the-Wild" Emotion Dataset Using a Game-Based Framework.
emotion dataset	game-based framework
The scale of edges.
scale
Improving the Robustness of Deep Neural Networks via Stability Training.
deep neural networks	stability training
Computational Imaging for VLBI Image Reconstruction.
vlbi image reconstruction	computational imaging
Toward Open-Set Face Recognition.
open-set face recognition
Discriminative K-SVD for dictionary learning in face recognition.
dictionary learning	face recognition	discriminative k-svd
Selective hidden random fields: Exploiting domain-specific saliency for event classification.
selective hidden random fields	exploiting domain-specific saliency	event classification
SparkleGeometry: Glitter Imaging for 3D Point Tracking.
3d point tracking	glitter imaging
Parameterized Kernel Principal Component Analysis: Theory and applications to supervised and unsupervised image alignment.
parameterized kernel principal component analysis	unsupervised image alignment
Segmenting Motions of Different Types by Unsupervised Manifold Clustering.
unsupervised manifold clustering	segmenting motions
Probabilistic tensor voting for robust perceptual grouping.
robust perceptual grouping	probabilistic tensor voting
Completing 3D object shape from one depth image.
completing 3d object shape	depth image
Graph embedding discriminant analysis on Grassmannian manifolds for improved image set matching.
graph embedding discriminant analysis	improved image set matching	grassmannian manifolds
A Graph Regularized Deep Neural Network for Unsupervised Image Representation Learning.
graph regularized deep neural network	unsupervised image representation learning
On-the-fly Object Modeling while Tracking.
on-the-fly object modeling
3D-2D spatiotemporal registration for sports motion analysis.
sports motion analysis	3d-2d spatiotemporal registration
Semantic Hierarchies for Recognizing Objects and Parts.
semantic hierarchies	recognizing objects
On-Line Video Motion Estimation by Invariant Receptive Inputs.
on-line video motion estimation	invariant receptive inputs
P2C2: Programmable pixel compressive camera for high speed imaging.
programmable pixel compressive camera	high speed imaging
Complex Event Detection via Multi-source Video Attributes.
complex event detection	multi-source video attributes
Change Detection with Weightless Neural Networks.
weightless neural networks	change detection
Attention estimation by simultaneous observation of viewer and view.
simultaneous observation	attention estimation
Human identity recognition in aerial images.
human identity recognition	aerial images
Wii Remote calibration using the sensor bar.
wii remote calibration	sensor bar
Automatic Curation of Golf Highlights Using Multimodal Excitement Features.
multimodal excitement features	automatic curation	golf highlights
Robust reconstruction of indoor scenes.
robust reconstruction	indoor scenes
Robust Estimation of Nonrigid Transformation for Point Set Registration.
point set registration	robust estimation	nonrigid transformation
HSfM: Hybrid Structure-from-Motion.
hybrid structure-from-motion
Efficient Optimization for Hierarchically-Structured Interacting Segments (HINTS).
hierarchically-structured interacting segments	efficient optimization
Kernel-based Tracking from a Probabilistic Viewpoint.
probabilistic viewpoint	kernel-based tracking
Inductive Hashing on Manifolds.
inductive hashing
PolyNet: A Pursuit of Structural Diversity in Very Deep Networks.
structural diversity	deep networks
Fusion of time-of-flight depth and stereo for high accuracy depth maps.
high accuracy depth maps	time-of-flight depth
Deep View Morphing.
deep view morphing
Physiological modelling for improved reliability in silhouette-driven gradient-based hand tracking.
silhouette-driven gradient-based hand tracking	improved reliability	physiological modelling
HALF-SIFT: High-Accurate Localized Features for SIFT.
high-accurate localized features
3D reconstruction of curved objects from single 2D line drawings.
single 2d line drawings	curved objects	3d reconstruction
Patches, Planes and Probabilities: A Non-Local Prior for Volumetric 3D Reconstruction.
volumetric 3d reconstruction	non-local prior
Boundary preserving dense local regions.
boundary preserving dense local regions
Camera Calibration from Dynamic Silhouettes Using Motion Barcodes.
dynamic silhouettes	motion barcodes	camera calibration
Improving multi-target tracking via social grouping.
improving multi-target tracking	social grouping
Least squares surface reconstruction from gradients: Direct algebraic methods with spectral, Tikhonov, and constrained regularization.
squares surface reconstruction	direct algebraic methods	constrained regularization
Binary histogram based split/merge object detection using FPGAs.
binary histogram based split/merge object detection
Human Detection via Classification on Riemannian Manifolds.
human detection	riemannian manifolds
Object browsing and searching in a camera network using graph models.
camera network	graph models	object browsing
Enhanced Level Building Algorithm for the Movement Epenthesis Problem in Sign Language Recognition.
enhanced level building algorithm	movement epenthesis problem	sign language recognition
On bias correction for geometric parameter estimation in computer vision.
geometric parameter estimation	bias correction	computer vision
LDV Sensing and Processing for Remote Hearing in a Multimodal Surveillance System.
multimodal surveillance system	remote hearing	ldv sensing
Tensor-Jet: A tensorial representation of Local Binary Gaussian Jet maps.
local binary gaussian jet maps	tensorial representation
Hand Gesture Based Region Marking for Tele-Support Using Wearables.
hand gesture based region marking
Generic Face Alignment using Boosted Appearance Model.
generic face alignment	boosted appearance model
Semantic structure from motion with points, regions, and objects.
semantic structure
Parallax-Tolerant Image Stitching.
parallax-tolerant image stitching
Diagnostic Mechanism and Robustness of Safety Relevant Automotive Deep Convolutional Networks.
safety relevant automotive deep convolutional networks	diagnostic mechanism
Fusion moves for correlation clustering.
correlation clustering	fusion moves
Exploiting nonlocal spatiotemporal structure for video segmentation.
exploiting nonlocal spatiotemporal structure	video segmentation
Automatic upright adjustment of photographs.
automatic upright adjustment
Real-Time Hand Grasp Recognition Using Weakly Supervised Two-Stage Convolutional Neural Networks for Understanding Manipulation Actions.
weakly supervised two-stage convolutional neural networks	real-time hand grasp recognition	understanding manipulation actions
Multi-scale Conditional Random Fields for over-segmented irregular 3D point clouds classification.
over-segmented irregular 3d point clouds classification	multi-scale conditional random fields
Indexing fingerprints using minutiae quadruplets.
minutiae quadruplets	indexing fingerprints
Layered graphical models for tracking partially-occluded objects.
tracking partially-occluded objects	layered graphical models
2015 IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition Workshops, CVPR Workshops, Boston, MA, USA, June 7-12, 2015
pattern recognition workshops	cvpr workshops	2015 ieee conference	june 7-12	computer vision
Spatialized epitome and its applications.
spatialized epitome
Spatio-Temporal Markov Random Field for Video Denoising.
spatio-temporal markov random field	video denoising
Spectral minutiae: A fixed-length representation of a minutiae set.
minutiae set	spectral minutiae	fixed-length representation
Ontological supervision for fine grained classification of Street View storefronts.
street view storefronts	fine grained classification	ontological supervision
Deep transfer metric learning.
deep transfer metric learning
Hierarchical spatio-temporal context modeling for action recognition.
hierarchical spatio-temporal context modeling	action recognition
A Riemannian Framework for Statistical Analysis of Topological Persistence Diagrams.
topological persistence diagrams	statistical analysis	riemannian framework
A Probabilistic Fusion Approach to human age prediction.
probabilistic fusion approach	human age prediction
Handwritten Carbon Form Preprocessing Based on Markov Random Field.
handwritten carbon form preprocessing based	markov random field
Sense discovery via co-clustering on images and text.
sense discovery
2D Human Pose Estimation: New Benchmark and State of the Art Analysis.
2d human pose estimation	art analysis
Human Body Shape Estimation Using a Multi-resolution Manifold Forest.
human body shape estimation	multi-resolution manifold forest
An Empirical Evaluation of Visual Question Answering for Novel Objects.
visual question answering	empirical evaluation
Multi-attribute spaces: Calibration for attribute fusion and similarity search.
similarity search	multi-attribute spaces	attribute fusion
Modeling human activities as speech.
modeling human activities
Real-time vehicle global localisation with a single camera in dense urban areas: Exploitation of coarse 3D city models.
real-time vehicle global localisation	coarse 3d city models	dense urban areas	single camera
Robust feature matching in 2.3µs.
robust feature matching
Appearance-based gaze estimation in the wild.
appearance-based gaze estimation
Fast Video Classification via Adaptive Cascading of Deep Models.
fast video classification	deep models	adaptive cascading
Parametric Object Motion from Blur.
parametric object motion
Towards Internet-scale multi-view stereo.
internet-scale multi-view stereo
Efficient multi-label classification with hypergraph regularization.
efficient multi-label classification	hypergraph regularization
Deep Sequential Context Networks for Action Prediction.
deep sequential context networks	action prediction
Photorealistic 3D face modeling on a smartphone.
photorealistic 3d face modeling
Learning patch correspondences for improved viewpoint invariant face recognition.
improved viewpoint invariant face recognition	learning patch correspondences
Object-Scene Convolutional Neural Networks for event recognition in images.
object-scene convolutional neural networks	event recognition
Real-time image-based 6-DOF localization in large-scale environments.
real-time image-based 6-dof localization	large-scale environments
A Thousand Frames in Just a Few Words: Lingual Description of Videos through Latent Topics and Sparse Object Stitching.
sparse object stitching	lingual description	latent topics	thousand frames
Geometric min-Hashing: Finding a (thick) needle in a haystack.
geometric min-hashing
Borrowing Treasures from the Wealthy: Deep Transfer Learning through Selective Joint Fine-Tuning.
selective joint fine-tuning	deep transfer learning	borrowing treasures
Feedback Networks.
feedback networks
Protecting Visual Secrets Using Adversarial Nets.
protecting visual secrets	adversarial nets
PatchCut: Data-driven object segmentation via local shape transfer.
data-driven object segmentation	local shape transfer
Bidirectional Warping of Active Appearance Model.
active appearance model	bidirectional warping
Progressive Feature Matching with Alternate Descriptor Selection and Correspondence Enrichment.
alternate descriptor selection	progressive feature matching	correspondence enrichment
Quality assessment based denoising to improve face recognition performance.
improve face recognition performance	quality assessment based denoising
Joint Gap Detection and Inpainting of Line Drawings.
joint gap detection	line drawings
Curved glide-reflection symmetry detection.
curved glide-reflection symmetry detection
S3Pool: Pooling with Stochastic Spatial Sampling.
stochastic spatial sampling
Robust regression on image manifolds for ordered label denoising.
ordered label denoising	image manifolds	robust regression
Common visual pattern discovery via spatially coherent correspondences.
common visual pattern discovery	spatially coherent correspondences
Simultaneous dimensionality reduction and human age estimation via kernel partial least squares regression.
human age estimation	simultaneous dimensionality reduction	squares regression	kernel partial
Automatic calibration of a single-projector catadioptric display system.
single-projector catadioptric display system	automatic calibration
Pixel-wise motion detection in persistent aerial video surveillance.
persistent aerial video surveillance	pixel-wise motion detection
Using 3D scene structure to improve tracking.
3d scene structure	improve tracking
Parametric T-Spline Face Morphable Model for Detailed Fitting in Shape Subspace.
parametric t-spline face morphable model	shape subspace	detailed fitting
Implementation of auto-rectification and depth estimation of stereo video in a real-time smart camera system.
real-time smart camera system	stereo video	depth estimation
Real-Time Physiological Measurement and Visualization Using a Synchronized Multi-camera System.
real-time physiological measurement	synchronized multi-camera system
Online learning for attention, recognition, and tracking by a single developmental framework.
single developmental framework	online learning
Tensor reduction error analysis - Applications to video compression and classification.
tensor reduction error analysis	video compression
Harvesting large-scale weakly-tagged image databases from the web.
harvesting large-scale weakly-tagged image databases
Online learning for parameter selection in large scale image search.
large scale image search	online learning	parameter selection
Optical Flow Estimation Using Laplacian Mesh Energy.
optical flow estimation	laplacian mesh energy
Sublabel-Accurate Relaxation of Nonconvex Energies.
sublabel-accurate relaxation	nonconvex energies
Glare encoding of high dynamic range images.
high dynamic range images	glare encoding
Max Margin AND/OR Graph learning for parsing the human body.
human body	graph learning	max margin
Micro Phase Shifting.
micro phase shifting
Min Norm Point Algorithm for Higher Order MRF-MAP Inference.
higher order mrf-map inference	min norm point algorithm
Finding Things: Image Parsing with Regions and Per-Exemplar Detectors.
finding things	image parsing	per-exemplar detectors
Effective face frontalization in unconstrained images.
effective face frontalization	unconstrained images
Joint Depth Estimation and Camera Shake Removal from Single Blurry Image.
single blurry image	joint depth estimation	camera shake removal
Deep Local Video Feature for Action Recognition.
deep local video feature	action recognition
Regression Tree Fields - An efficient, non-parametric approach to image labeling problems.
image labeling problems	regression tree fields	non-parametric approach
Semantic-based indexing of fetal anatomies from 3-D ultrasound data using global/semi-local context and sequential sampling.
fetal anatomies	ultrasound data	sequential sampling	semantic-based indexing	global/semi-local context
Wearable omnidirectional vision system for personal localization and guidance.
wearable omnidirectional vision system	personal localization
Video object segmentation by hypergraph cut.
video object segmentation	hypergraph cut
Learning people detection models from few training samples.
learning people detection models	training samples
Total Correlation-Based Groupwise Image Registration for Quantitative MRI.
total correlation-based groupwise image registration	quantitative mri
Video Propagation Networks.
video propagation networks
Image de-fencing.
image de-fencing
Multi-class object localization by combining local contextual interactions.
combining local contextual interactions	multi-class object localization
Non-negative graph embedding.
non-negative graph embedding
Face age estimation using model selection.
face age estimation	model selection
VizWiz: : LocateIt - enabling blind people to locate objects in their environment.
enabling blind people	locate objects
Bayesian Depth-from-Defocus with Shading Constraints.
shading constraints	bayesian depth-from-defocus
Nonlinearly Constrained MRFs: Exploring the Intrinsic Dimensions of Higher-Order Cliques.
nonlinearly constrained mrfs	higher-order cliques	intrinsic dimensions
From Keyframes to Key Objects: Video Summarization by Representative Object Proposal Selection.
representative object proposal selection	key objects	video summarization
Face recognizability evaluation for ATM applications with exceptional occlusion handling.
exceptional occlusion handling	face recognizability evaluation	atm applications
VisualWord2Vec (Vis-W2V): Learning Visually Grounded Word Embeddings Using Abstract Scenes.
learning visually grounded word embeddings	abstract scenes
Enhancing Detection Model for Multiple Hypothesis Tracking.
multiple hypothesis tracking	enhancing detection model
Multiple Instance Detection Network with Online Instance Classifier Refinement.
multiple instance detection network	online instance classifier refinement
Spectral Matting.
spectral matting
Early spatiotemporal grouping with a distributed oriented energy representation.
distributed oriented energy representation	early spatiotemporal grouping
Effective 3D object detection and regression using probabilistic segmentation features in CT images.
effective 3d object detection	probabilistic segmentation features	ct images
A global sampling method for alpha matting.
global sampling method	alpha matting
Weakly Supervised Facial Analysis with Dense Hyper-Column Features.
weakly supervised facial analysis	dense hyper-column features
Adaptive and discriminative metric differential tracking.
discriminative metric differential tracking
A grammar for hierarchical object descriptions in logic programs.
hierarchical object descriptions	logic programs
Can a Fully Unconstrained Imaging Model Be Applied Effectively to Central Cameras?
fully unconstrained imaging model	central cameras	applied effectively
Physics Inspired Optimization on Semantic Transfer Features: An Alternative Method for Room Layout Estimation.
room layout estimation	semantic transfer features	physics inspired optimization	alternative method
Video segmentation: Propagation, validation and aggregation of a preceding graph.
video segmentation	preceding graph
Fast Simplex-HMM for One-Shot Learning Activity Recognition.
one-shot learning activity recognition	fast simplex-hmm
Multi-scale dictionary for single image super-resolution.
single image super-resolution	multi-scale dictionary
Faster R-CNN Features for Instance Search.
faster r-cnn features	instance search
Temporal Action Localization by Structured Maximal Sums.
structured maximal sums	temporal action localization
3D Interaction Environment for Free View Point TV and Games Using Multiple Tablet Computers.
free view point tv	3d interaction environment	multiple tablet computers
Label Consistent Quadratic Surrogate model for visual saliency prediction.
label consistent quadratic surrogate model	visual saliency prediction
Occlusion Coherence: Localizing Occluded Faces with a Hierarchical Deformable Part Model.
hierarchical deformable part model	localizing occluded faces	occlusion coherence
Age Estimation Guided Convolutional Neural Network for Age-Invariant Face Recognition.
age estimation guided convolutional neural network	age-invariant face recognition
High-speed hyperspectral video acquisition with a dual-camera architecture.
high-speed hyperspectral video acquisition	dual-camera architecture
Structured Feature Similarity with Explicit Feature Map.
structured feature similarity	explicit feature map
Feature Regression for Multimodal Image Analysis.
multimodal image analysis	feature regression
Online learning of patch perspective rectification for efficient object detection.
patch perspective rectification	efficient object detection	online learning
Deep Semantic Feature Matching.
deep semantic feature matching
Discovering scene categories by information projection and cluster sampling.
discovering scene categories	information projection	cluster sampling
Saliency-aware geodesic video object segmentation.
saliency-aware geodesic video object segmentation
Reducing correspondence ambiguity in loosely labeled training data.
loosely labeled training data	reducing correspondence ambiguity
Multimodal Surveillance: an Introduction.
multimodal surveillance
A robust approach for automatic registration of aerial images with untextured aerial LiDAR data.
untextured aerial lidar data	aerial images	robust approach	automatic registration
Layered graph matching by composite cluster sampling with collaborative and competitive interactions.
layered graph matching	composite cluster sampling	competitive interactions
A two-stage reconstruction approach for seeing through water.
two-stage reconstruction approach
Which parts of the face give out your identity?
face give
Rolling Rotations for Recognizing Human Actions from 3D Skeletal Data.
recognizing human actions	3d skeletal data	rolling rotations
Comprehension-Guided Referring Expressions.
comprehension-guided referring expressions
Scene flow estimation by growing correspondence seeds.
growing correspondence seeds	scene flow estimation
Learning Generative Models via Discriminative Approaches.
learning generative models	discriminative approaches
A polar representation of motion and implications for optical flow.
optical flow	polar representation
Regularized multi-class semi-supervised boosting.
regularized multi-class semi-supervised boosting
Recovering the Missing Link: Predicting Class-Attribute Associations for Unsupervised Zero-Shot Learning.
predicting class-attribute associations	unsupervised zero-shot learning	missing link
Towards force sensing from vision: Observing hand-object interactions to infer manipulation forces.
infer manipulation forces	observing hand-object interactions	force sensing
Rate-Invariant Analysis of Trajectories on Riemannian Manifolds with Application in Visual Speech Recognition.
visual speech recognition	riemannian manifolds	rate-invariant analysis
Heterogeneous Light Fields.
heterogeneous light fields
Best of both worlds: Human-machine collaboration for object annotation.
object annotation	human-machine collaboration
Towards Accurate Multi-person Pose Estimation in the Wild.
accurate multi-person pose estimation
Effect of plastic surgery on face recognition: A preliminary study.
face recognition	plastic surgery	preliminary study
A study of Nesterov's scheme for Lagrangian decomposition and MAP labeling.
map labeling	lagrangian decomposition
Cell motion analysis without explicit tracking.
cell motion analysis	explicit tracking
Probabilistic Temporal Subspace Clustering.
probabilistic temporal subspace clustering
Recombinator Networks: Learning Coarse-to-Fine Feature Aggregation.
learning coarse-to-fine feature aggregation	recombinator networks
Generating sharp panoramas from motion-blurred videos.
generating sharp panoramas	motion-blurred videos
Scenario-based video event recognition by constraint flow.
scenario-based video event recognition	constraint flow
3D Pose from Motion for Cross-View Action Recognition via Non-linear Circulant Temporal Encoding.
non-linear circulant temporal encoding	cross-view action recognition	3d pose
Planar orientation from blur gradients in a single image.
planar orientation	blur gradients	single image
Bundling features for large scale partial-duplicate web image search.
large scale partial-duplicate web image search	bundling features
Multi-label image segmentation via max-sum solver.
multi-label image segmentation	max-sum solver
Domain Adaptation on the Statistical Manifold.
domain adaptation	statistical manifold
A Closed-form Solution to 3D Reconstruction of Piecewise Planar Objects from Single Images.
piecewise planar objects	closed-form solution	3d reconstruction	single images
Scale resilient, rotation invariant articulated object matching.
rotation invariant articulated object matching	scale resilient
Web-scale training for face identification.
web-scale training	face identification
Efficient anisotropic α-Kernels decompositions and flows.
efficient anisotropic α-kernels decompositions
Online training of object detectors from unlabeled surveillance video.
unlabeled surveillance video	object detectors	online training
Fast registration of segmented images by normal sampling.
fast registration	normal sampling	segmented images
3D Reconstruction of Transparent Objects with Position-Normal Consistency.
position-normal consistency	transparent objects	3d reconstruction
Ordinal hyperplanes ranker with cost sensitivities for age estimation.
ordinal hyperplanes ranker	age estimation	cost sensitivities
Weakly Supervised Learning of Mid-Level Features with Beta-Bernoulli Process Restricted Boltzmann Machines.
beta-bernoulli process restricted boltzmann machines	weakly supervised learning	mid-level features
Dual domain filters based texture and structure preserving image non-blind deconvolution.
dual domain filters based texture	structure preserving image non-blind deconvolution
Classification with scattering operators.
scattering operators
Unsupervised Simultaneous Orthogonal basis Clustering Feature Selection.
unsupervised simultaneous orthogonal basis clustering feature selection
Multi-view structure computation without explicitly estimating motion.
multi-view structure computation	explicitly estimating motion
Multiple instance learning for soft bags via top instances.
multiple instance learning	top instances	soft bags
Display gamut reshaping for color emulation and balancing.
display gamut reshaping	color emulation
Global Gaussian approach for scene categorization using information geometry.
global gaussian approach	scene categorization	information geometry
L1 regularized projection pursuit for additive model learning.
l1 regularized projection pursuit	additive model learning
Line-based relative pose estimation.
line-based relative pose estimation
Combining local and global motion models for feature point tracking.
feature point tracking	global motion models	combining local
A parallel color-based particle filter for object tracking.
parallel color-based particle filter	object tracking
Hallucinating 3D facial shapes.
hallucinating 3d facial shapes
Linear embeddings in non-rigid structure from motion.
linear embeddings	non-rigid structure
Sparse Coding for Third-Order Super-Symmetric Tensor Descriptors with Application to Texture Recognition.
third-order super-symmetric tensor descriptors	texture recognition	sparse coding
Learning human actions via information maximization.
learning human actions	information maximization
Computing Diffeomorphic Paths for Large Motion Interpolation.
large motion interpolation	computing diffeomorphic paths
A Sequential Monte Carlo Approach to Anomaly Detection in Tracking Visual Events.
sequential monte carlo approach	tracking visual events	anomaly detection
Region moments: Fast invariant descriptors for detecting small image structures.
detecting small image structures	fast invariant descriptors	region moments
Combining appearance and motion for human action classification in videos.
human action classification	combining appearance
ROI-SEG: Unsupervised Color Segmentation by Combining Differently Focused Sub Results.
combining differently focused	unsupervised color segmentation
Hand gesture recognition with 3D convolutional neural networks.
3d convolutional neural networks	hand gesture recognition
A Level Set Method for Gland Segmentation.
level set method	gland segmentation
An Efficient Exact-PGA Algorithm for Constant Curvature Manifolds.
efficient exact-pga algorithm	constant curvature manifolds
FAST LABEL: Easy and Efficient Solution of Joint Multi-label and Estimation Problems.
estimation problems	fast label	efficient solution	joint multi-label
Weakly-Supervised Visual Grounding of Phrases with Linguistic Structures.
weakly-supervised visual grounding	linguistic structures
Person-Independent 3D Gaze Estimation Using Face Frontalization.
person-independent 3d gaze estimation	face frontalization
Joint Unsupervised Learning of Deep Representations and Image Clusters.
joint unsupervised learning	deep representations	image clusters
Joint Shape and Texture Based X-Ray Cargo Image Classification.
texture based x-ray cargo image classification	joint shape
Human Shape and Pose Tracking Using Keyframes.
pose tracking	human shape
Large Kernel Matters - Improve Semantic Segmentation by Global Convolutional Network.
large kernel matters	global convolutional network	improve semantic segmentation
The randomized approximating graph algorithm for image annotation refinement problem.
image annotation refinement problem	randomized approximating graph algorithm
On errors-in-variables regression with arbitrary covariance and its application to optical flow estimation.
optical flow estimation	errors-in-variables regression	arbitrary covariance
Efficient marginal likelihood optimization in blind deconvolution.
efficient marginal likelihood optimization	blind deconvolution
Authority-shift clustering: Hierarchical clustering by authority seeking on graphs.
hierarchical clustering	authority-shift clustering	authority seeking
Ground Plane Estimation Using a Hidden Markov Model.
hidden markov model	ground plane estimation
Exploit Bounding Box Annotations for Multi-Label Object Recognition.
exploit bounding box annotations	multi-label object recognition
2009 IEEE Computer Society Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR 2009), 20-25 June 2009, Miami, Florida, USA
2009 ieee computer society conference	computer vision	20-25 june 2009	pattern recognition
Perceptual Generative Adversarial Networks for Small Object Detection.
perceptual generative adversarial networks	small object detection
Dictionary Learning Based Color Demosaicing for Plenoptic Cameras.
dictionary learning based color demosaicing	plenoptic cameras
Large-scale image classification with trace-norm regularization.
large-scale image classification	trace-norm regularization
3D Scene Estimation with Perturbation-Modulated Light and Distributed Sensors.
3d scene estimation	distributed sensors	perturbation-modulated light
The chains model for detecting parts by their context.
chains model	detecting parts
Real-time Planar Surface Segmentation in Disparity Space.
real-time planar surface segmentation	disparity space
From co-saliency to co-segmentation: An efficient and fully unsupervised energy minimization model.
fully unsupervised energy minimization model
Shape priors in variational image segmentation: Convexity, Lipschitz continuity and globally optimal solutions.
variational image segmentation	globally optimal solutions	lipschitz continuity	shape priors
Kernel PLS regression for robust monocular pose estimation.
robust monocular pose estimation	kernel pls regression
Improving object detection with deep convolutional networks via Bayesian optimization and structured prediction.
deep convolutional networks	improving object detection	bayesian optimization	structured prediction
The automatic design of feature spaces for local image descriptors using an ensemble of non-linear feature extractors.
local image descriptors	non-linear feature extractors	feature spaces	automatic design
Edge-Aware Gradient Domain Optimization Framework for Image Filtering by Local Propagation.
edge-aware gradient domain optimization framework	image filtering	local propagation
Transductive segmentation of live video with non-stationary background.
non-stationary background	live video	transductive segmentation
Canny Text Detector: Fast and Robust Scene Text Localization Algorithm.
robust scene text localization algorithm	canny text detector
Contextualizing object detection and classification.
contextualizing object detection
Fine-grained recognition without part annotations.
fine-grained recognition	part annotations
Multihypothesis trajectory analysis for robust visual tracking.
multihypothesis trajectory analysis	robust visual tracking
Detection free tracking: Exploiting motion and topology for segmenting and tracking under entanglement.
detection free tracking	exploiting motion
Estimation of image bias field with sparsity constraints.
image bias field	sparsity constraints
3D all the way: Semantic segmentation of urban scenes from start to end in 3D.
urban scenes	semantic segmentation
Learning Spatiotemporal Features for Infrared Action Recognition with 3D Convolutional Neural Networks.
3d convolutional neural networks	learning spatiotemporal features	infrared action recognition
Human pose tracking by parametric annealing.
human pose tracking	parametric annealing
Automated Risk Assessment for Scene Understanding and Domestic Robots Using RGB-D Data and 2.5D CNNs at a Patch Level.
automated risk assessment	domestic robots	patch level	5d cnns	scene understanding
Socially-Aware Large-Scale Crowd Forecasting.
socially-aware large-scale crowd forecasting
End-to-End Concept Word Detection for Video Captioning, Retrieval, and Question Answering.
end-to-end concept word detection	question answering	video captioning
Real-time Semi-Global Matching on the CPU.
real-time semi-global matching
Robust detection of semantically equivalent visually dissimilar objects.
semantically equivalent visually dissimilar objects	robust detection
Patch-Based Convolutional Neural Network for Whole Slide Tissue Image Classification.
patch-based convolutional neural network	slide tissue image classification
ChaLearn gesture challenge: Design and first results.
chalearn gesture challenge
A Diverse Low Cost High Performance Platform for Advanced Driver Assistance System (ADAS) Applications.
diverse low cost high performance platform	advanced driver assistance system
Large Margin Object Tracking with Circulant Feature Maps.
large margin object tracking	circulant feature maps
Event driven software architecture for multi-camera and distributed surveillance research systems.
event driven software architecture	distributed surveillance research systems
Deep multiple instance learning for image classification and auto-annotation.
deep multiple instance learning	image classification
On the Blind Classification of Time Series.
time series	blind classification
A Dataset and Exploration of Models for Understanding Video Data through Fill-in-the-Blank Question-Answering.
understanding video data	fill-in-the-blank question-answering
Analysis of template aging in iris biometrics.
template aging	iris biometrics
Model evolution: An incremental approach to non-rigid structure from motion.
incremental approach	model evolution	non-rigid structure
Learning-by-Synthesis for Appearance-Based 3D Gaze Estimation.
appearance-based 3d gaze estimation
Joint Learning of Single-Image and Cross-Image Representations for Person Re-identification.
joint learning	person re-identification	cross-image representations
Color contrast enhancement for visually impaired people.
visually impaired people	color contrast enhancement
Discriminative Hierarchical Rank Pooling for Activity Recognition.
discriminative hierarchical rank pooling	activity recognition
Robust 2DPCA and Its Application.
robust 2dpca
Light Field Distortion Feature for Transparent Object Recognition.
light field distortion feature	transparent object recognition
Robust Region Grouping via Internal Patch Statistics.
robust region grouping	internal patch statistics
Robust object detection using marginal space learning and ranking-based multi-detector aggregation: Application to left ventricle detection in 2D MRI images.
robust object detection	ranking-based multi-detector aggregation	2d mri images	left ventricle detection	marginal space learning
Deeply learned face representations are sparse, selective, and robust.
deeply learned face representations
End-to-End 3D Face Reconstruction with Deep Neural Networks.
end-to-end 3d face reconstruction	deep neural networks
Weighted Substructure Mining for Image Analysis.
weighted substructure mining	image analysis
Enhancing photographs with Near Infra-Red images.
enhancing photographs	infra-red images
Class-specific Hough forests for object detection.
class-specific hough forests	object detection
A Benchmarking Dataset for Performance Evaluation of Automatic Surface Reconstruction Algorithms.
automatic surface reconstruction algorithms	performance evaluation	benchmarking dataset
Discovering and exploiting 3D symmetries in structure from motion.
exploiting 3d symmetries
Detection of buried objects using GPR change detection in polarimetric Huynen spaces.
polarimetric huynen spaces	gpr change detection	buried objects
Multiscale Combinatorial Grouping.
multiscale combinatorial grouping
Automatic Fence Segmentation in Videos of Dynamic Scenes.
automatic fence segmentation	dynamic scenes
Newton Greedy Pursuit: A Quadratic Approximation Method for Sparsity-Constrained Optimization.
newton greedy pursuit	quadratic approximation method	sparsity-constrained optimization
Depth from shading, defocus, and correspondence using light-field angular coherence.
light-field angular coherence
Towards unified depth and semantic prediction from a single image.
unified depth	semantic prediction	single image
Laplace-Beltrami eigenfunction metrics and geodesic shape distance features for shape matching in synthetic aperture sonar.
geodesic shape distance features	laplace-beltrami eigenfunction metrics	synthetic aperture sonar	shape matching
Are we ready for autonomous driving? The KITTI vision benchmark suite.
kitti vision benchmark suite	autonomous driving
Pyramid-Based Visual Tracking Using Sparsity Represented Mean Transform.
pyramid-based visual tracking	sparsity represented
Context Encoders: Feature Learning by Inpainting.
context encoders	feature learning
Practical camera auto-calibration based on object appearance and motion for traffic scene visual surveillance.
traffic scene visual surveillance	practical camera auto-calibration based	object appearance
Lonely but attractive: Sparse color salient points for object retrieval and categorization.
sparse color salient points	object retrieval
Looking around the backyard helps to recognize faces and digits.
backyard helps	recognize faces
Towards unconstrained face recognition.
unconstrained face recognition
Discriminative spatial pyramid.
discriminative spatial pyramid
Pedestrian Detection at Warp Speed: Exceeding 500 Detections per Second.
pedestrian detection	exceeding 500 detections	warp speed
Optical flow estimation with uncertainties through dynamic MRFs.
optical flow estimation	dynamic mrfs
General Regression and Representation Model for Face Recognition.
representation model	face recognition	general regression
Capturing 3D stretchable surfaces from single images in closed form.
capturing 3d stretchable surfaces	closed form	single images
Detangling People: Individuating Multiple Close People and Their Body Parts via Region Assembly.
individuating multiple close people	detangling people	body parts	region assembly
Monotonicity and error type differentiability in performance measures for target detection and tracking in video.
error type differentiability	performance measures	target detection
Foreground segmentation of live videos using locally competing 1SVMs.
locally competing 1svms	foreground segmentation	live videos
Newtonian Image Understanding: Unfolding the Dynamics of Objects in Static Images.
newtonian image understanding	static images
Video stitching with spatial-temporal content-preserving warping.
spatial-temporal content-preserving warping	video stitching
Fast and robust hand tracking using detection-guided optimization.
robust hand tracking	detection-guided optimization
Learning and Transferring Mid-level Image Representations Using Convolutional Neural Networks.
transferring mid-level image representations	convolutional neural networks
Single-image vignetting correction using radial gradient symmetry.
radial gradient symmetry	single-image vignetting correction
A Minimum Error Vanishing Point Detection Approach for Uncalibrated Monocular Images of Man-Made Environments.
minimum error vanishing point detection approach	uncalibrated monocular images	man-made environments
A simply integrated dual-sensor based non-intrusive iris image acquisition system.
simply integrated dual-sensor based non-intrusive iris image acquisition system
Robust 3D face recognition in uncontrolled environments.
robust 3d face recognition	uncontrolled environments
Salient Object Detection: A Discriminative Regional Feature Integration Approach.
discriminative regional feature integration approach	salient object detection
Discovering states and transformations in image collections.
image collections	discovering states
Dense correspondence finding for parametrization-free animation reconstruction from video.
parametrization-free animation reconstruction	dense correspondence finding
Solving Large Scale Binary Quadratic Problems: Spectral Methods vs. Semidefinite Programming.
solving large scale binary quadratic problems	spectral methods	semidefinite programming
Deep Unsupervised Similarity Learning Using Partially Ordered Sets.
deep unsupervised similarity learning	partially ordered sets
Joint and implicit registration for face recognition.
face recognition	implicit registration
Fourier analysis and Gabor filtering for texture analysis and local reconstruction of general shapes.
general shapes	fourier analysis	gabor filtering	texture analysis	local reconstruction
On the set of images modulo viewpoint and contrast changes.
images modulo viewpoint
Learning hierarchical similarity metrics.
learning hierarchical similarity metrics
Semi-supervised Hierarchical Models for 3D Human Pose Reconstruction.
3d human pose reconstruction	semi-supervised hierarchical models
Dynamically encoded actions based on spacetime saliency.
dynamically encoded actions based	spacetime saliency
The TUM-DLR Multimodal Earth Observation Evaluation Benchmark.
tum-dlr multimodal earth observation evaluation benchmark
DISCOVER: Discovering Important Segments for Classification of Video Events and Recounting.
discovering important segments	video events
Audio-Visual Feature Fusion for Vehicles Classification in a Surveillance System.
audio-visual feature fusion	surveillance system	vehicles classification
TGIF-QA: Toward Spatio-Temporal Reasoning in Visual Question Answering.
visual question answering	spatio-temporal reasoning
Support tucker machines.
support tucker machines
Convolutional feature masking for joint object and stuff segmentation.
convolutional feature masking	joint object	stuff segmentation
Temporal Multimodal Learning in Audiovisual Speech Recognition.
audiovisual speech recognition	temporal multimodal learning
More is Less: A More Complicated Network with Less Inference Complexity.
complicated network	inference complexity
The Language of Actions: Recovering the Syntax and Semantics of Goal-Directed Human Activities.
goal-directed human activities
Thin-Slicing for Pose: Learning to Understand Pose without Explicit Pose Estimation.
explicit pose estimation	understand pose
FPGA-based pedestrian detection under strong distortions.
fpga-based pedestrian detection	strong distortions
Pairwise Linear Regression Classification for Image Set Retrieval.
pairwise linear regression classification	image set retrieval
Chebyshev approximations to the histogram χ2 kernel.
histogram χ2 kernel	chebyshev approximations
Flexible Background Subtraction with Self-Balanced Local Sensitivity.
self-balanced local sensitivity	flexible background subtraction
Looking Under the Hood: Deep Neural Network Visualization to Interpret Whole-Slide Image Analysis Outcomes for Colorectal Polyps.
interpret whole-slide image analysis outcomes	deep neural network visualization	colorectal polyps
Automatic 3D Reconstruction from Multi-date Satellite Images.
multi-date satellite images	automatic 3d reconstruction
A CPU-GPU hybrid people counting system for real-world airport scenarios using arbitrary oblique view cameras.
cpu-gpu hybrid people counting system	arbitrary oblique view cameras	real-world airport scenarios
Reducing JointBoost-based multiclass classification to proximity search.
reducing jointboost-based multiclass classification	proximity search
Personalization of image enhancement.
image enhancement
Functional correspondence by matrix completion.
functional correspondence	matrix completion
Unsupervised Learning from Narrated Instruction Videos.
narrated instruction videos	unsupervised learning
Contour cut: Identifying salient contours in images by solving a Hermitian eigenvalue problem.
identifying salient contours	hermitian eigenvalue problem	contour cut
Learning Non-maximum Suppression.
learning non-maximum suppression
Ground Truth Accuracy and Performance of the Matching Pipeline.
ground truth accuracy	matching pipeline
Evaluating Open-Universe Face Identification on the Web.
evaluating open-universe face identification
Exemplar SVMs as visual feature encoders.
visual feature encoders	exemplar svms
Exploit All the Layers: Fast and Accurate CNN Object Detector with Scale Dependent Pooling and Cascaded Rejection Classifiers.
accurate cnn object detector	scale dependent pooling	cascaded rejection classifiers
Near duplicate image identification with patially Aligned Pyramid Matching.
patially aligned pyramid matching	duplicate image identification
Hierarchical matching with side information for image classification.
image classification	side information	hierarchical matching
GPU-SHOT: Parallel Optimization for Real-Time 3D Local Description.
real-time 3d local description	parallel optimization
Motion from Structure (MfS): Searching for 3D Objects in Cluttered Point Trajectories.
cluttered point trajectories	3d objects
Robust facial action recognition from real-time 3D streams.
robust facial action recognition	real-time 3d streams
Conformal Surface Alignment with Optimal Möbius Search.
conformal surface alignment	öbius search
Exploring relations of visual codes for image classification.
image classification	exploring relations	visual codes
Effects of dominance and laterality on iris recognition.
iris recognition
Region-Based Discriminative Feature Pooling for Scene Text Recognition.
region-based discriminative feature pooling	scene text recognition
2D and 3D visualization with dual-resolution for surveillance.
3d visualization
Multi-level Discriminative Dictionary Learning towards Hierarchical Visual Categorization.
multi-level discriminative dictionary learning	hierarchical visual categorization
Maximum Persistency in Energy Minimization.
maximum persistency	energy minimization
SPFTN: A Self-Paced Fine-Tuning Network for Segmenting Objects in Weakly Labelled Videos.
weakly labelled videos	self-paced fine-tuning network	segmenting objects
Estimating demosaicing algorithms using image noise variance.
image noise variance	estimating demosaicing algorithms
3D motion reconstruction for real-world camera motion.
real-world camera motion	3d motion reconstruction
An LED-only BRDF measurement device.
brdf measurement device
Robust Non-negative Graph Embedding: Towards noisy data, unreliable graphs, and noisy labels.
robust non-negative graph embedding	unreliable graphs	noisy data	noisy labels
Histograms of Sparse Codes for Object Detection.
sparse codes	object detection
CDnet 2014: An Expanded Change Detection Benchmark Dataset.
expanded change detection benchmark dataset
A Mobile Vision System for Fast and Accurate Ellipse Detection.
accurate ellipse detection	mobile vision system
Learning coarse-to-fine sparselets for efficient object detection and scene classification.
learning coarse-to-fine sparselets	efficient object detection	scene classification
Visual tracking with online Multiple Instance Learning.
online multiple instance learning	visual tracking
Semantic Multi-view Stereo: Jointly Estimating Objects and Voxels.
jointly estimating objects	semantic multi-view stereo
Probabilistic gaze estimation without active personal calibration.
probabilistic gaze estimation	active personal calibration
A combined pose, object, and feature model for action understanding.
feature model	combined pose	action understanding
Kernel Learning for Extrinsic Classification of Manifold Features.
kernel learning	extrinsic classification	manifold features
Filtering Internet image search results towards keyword based category recognition.
filtering internet image search results	keyword based category recognition
A Fast Self-Tuning Background Subtraction Algorithm.
fast self-tuning background subtraction algorithm
Multi-view Multi-modal Feature Embedding for Endomicroscopy Mosaic Classification.
multi-view multi-modal feature embedding	endomicroscopy mosaic classification
Timing-Based Local Descriptor for Dynamic Surfaces.
timing-based local descriptor	dynamic surfaces
Probabilistic Reverse Annotation for Large Scale Image Retrieval.
large scale image retrieval	probabilistic reverse annotation
Fast probabilisitic estimation of egomotion from image intensities.
fast probabilisitic estimation	image intensities
Surface color estimation based on inter- and intra-pixel relationships in outdoor scenes.
surface color estimation based	outdoor scenes	intra-pixel relationships
Aggregating local descriptors into a compact image representation.
aggregating local descriptors	compact image representation
A Novel Approach to Improve Biometric Recognition Using Rank Level Fusion.
improve biometric recognition	rank level fusion
Matching non-rigidly deformable shapes across images: A globally optimal solution.
matching non-rigidly deformable shapes	globally optimal solution
Granularity and elasticity adaptation in visual tracking.
visual tracking	elasticity adaptation
Globally-optimal greedy algorithms for tracking a variable number of objects.
globally-optimal greedy algorithms	variable number
Extended DISFA Dataset: Investigating Posed and Spontaneous Facial Expressions.
spontaneous facial expressions	extended disfa dataset	investigating posed
Depth Super Resolution by Rigid Body Self-Similarity in 3D.
depth super resolution	rigid body self-similarity
Fusion of a camera and a laser range sensor for vehicle recognition.
laser range sensor	vehicle recognition
Channel Coded Distribution Field Tracking for Thermal Infrared Imagery.
channel coded distribution field tracking	thermal infrared imagery
The Global Patch Collider.
global patch collider
Semi-Calibrated Near Field Photometric Stereo.
field photometric stereo
Discovering localized attributes for fine-grained recognition.
discovering localized attributes	fine-grained recognition
Forecasting Human Dynamics from Static Images.
forecasting human dynamics	static images
Object detection via boundary structure segmentation.
boundary structure segmentation	object detection
Driver Cell Phone Usage Detection from HOV/HOT NIR Images.
driver cell phone usage detection	hov/hot nir images
A Steiner tree approach to efficient object detection.
efficient object detection	steiner tree approach
Fast ConvNets Using Group-Wise Brain Damage.
group-wise brain damage	fast convnets
Analysis of patterns of motor behavior in gamers with down syndrome.
motor behavior
High dynamic range image reconstruction from hand-held cameras.
high dynamic range image reconstruction	hand-held cameras
Efficient Kernels for identifying unbounded-order spatial features.
identifying unbounded-order spatial features	efficient kernels
Driver cell phone usage detection on Strategic Highway Research Program (SHRP2) face view videos.
driver cell phone usage detection	strategic highway research program	face view videos
Supervising Neural Attention Models for Video Captioning by Human Gaze Data.
supervising neural attention models	human gaze data	video captioning
Progressively Parsing Interactional Objects for Fine Grained Action Detection.
fine grained action detection	progressively parsing interactional objects
A Hierarchical Deep Temporal Model for Group Activity Recognition.
hierarchical deep temporal model	group activity recognition
OPTIMOL: automatic Online Picture collecTion via Incremental MOdel Learning.
automatic online picture collection	incremental model learning
Online Spatial-temporal Data Fusion for Robust Adaptive Tracking.
online spatial-temporal data fusion	robust adaptive tracking
Can Walking and Measuring Along Chord Bunches Better Describe Leaf Shapes?
describe leaf shapes	chord bunches
Fast Energy Minimization Using Learned State Filters.
learned state filters	fast energy minimization
Annotation and taxonomy of gestures in lecture videos.
lecture videos
Detecting Social Groups in Crowded Surveillance Videos Using Visual Attention.
detecting social groups	crowded surveillance videos	visual attention
Joint Real-time Object Detection and Pose Estimation Using Probabilistic Boosting Network.
joint real-time object detection	probabilistic boosting network	pose estimation
Unsupervised learning of hierarchical spatial structures in images.
hierarchical spatial structures	unsupervised learning
Efficient Belief Propagation for Vision Using Linear Constraint Nodes.
linear constraint nodes	efficient belief propagation
Human action recognition in crowded surveillance video sequences by using features taken from key-point trajectories.
crowded surveillance video sequences	human action recognition	key-point trajectories
Kernel Approximation via Empirical Orthogonal Decomposition for Unsupervised Feature Learning.
unsupervised feature learning	empirical orthogonal decomposition	kernel approximation
Boundary-Aware Instance Segmentation.
boundary-aware instance segmentation
A Key Volume Mining Deep Framework for Action Recognition.
key volume mining deep framework	action recognition
Single image haze removal using dark channel prior.
single image haze removal	dark channel prior
2016 IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition Workshops, CVPR Workshops 2016, Las Vegas, NV, USA, June 26 - July 1, 2016
pattern recognition workshops	cvpr workshops 2016	2016 ieee conference	computer vision	las vegas
Accurate and Efficient 3D Human Pose Estimation Algorithm Using Single Depth Images for Pose Analysis in Golf.
efficient 3d human pose estimation algorithm	single depth images	pose analysis
Stable Template-Based Isometric 3D Reconstruction in All Imaging Conditions by Linear Least-Squares.
stable template-based isometric 3d reconstruction	linear least-squares	imaging conditions
Understanding RealWorld Indoor Scenes with Synthetic Data.
understanding realworld indoor scenes	synthetic data
In Defense of 3D-Label Stereo.
3d-label stereo
Robust statistics on Riemannian manifolds via the geometric median.
geometric median	robust statistics	riemannian manifolds
Towards Unified Human Parsing and Pose Estimation.
unified human parsing	pose estimation
Online random forests based on CorrFS and CorrBE.
online random forests based
A Dataset for Benchmarking Image-Based Localization.
benchmarking image-based localization
Single-image estimation of the camera response function in near-lighting.
camera response function	single-image estimation
Project-Out Cascaded Regression with an application to face alignment.
face alignment	cascaded regression
Dense Segmentation-Aware Descriptors.
dense segmentation-aware descriptors
Sparse Kernels for Bayes Optimal Discriminant Analysis.
bayes optimal discriminant analysis	sparse kernels
Fine-Grained Visual Comparisons with Local Learning.
fine-grained visual comparisons	local learning
High level activity recognition using low resolution wearable vision.
low resolution wearable vision	high level activity recognition
Maximum persistency via iterative relaxed inference with graphical models.
iterative relaxed inference	graphical models	maximum persistency
Semantically Coherent Co-Segmentation and Reconstruction of Dynamic Scenes.
semantically coherent co-segmentation	dynamic scenes
Trajectory matching from unsynchronized videos.
unsynchronized videos	trajectory matching
Learning Deep Feature Representations with Domain Guided Dropout for Person Re-identification.
learning deep feature representations	domain guided dropout	person re-identification
Context-Aware Correlation Filter Tracking.
context-aware correlation filter tracking
Sign Language Recognition using Sequential Pattern Trees.
sequential pattern trees	sign language recognition
Quasiconvex alignment of multimodal skin images for quantitative dermatology.
multimodal skin images	quasiconvex alignment	quantitative dermatology
Sequential Face Alignment via Person-Specific Modeling in the Wild.
sequential face alignment	person-specific modeling
Reconstruction of relief objects from line drawings.
line drawings	relief objects
A Multi-level Contextual Model for Person Recognition in Photo Albums.
multi-level contextual model	photo albums	person recognition
First-Person Activity Recognition: What Are They Doing to Me?
first-person activity recognition
Technique for automatic emotion recognition by body gesture analysis.
automatic emotion recognition	body gesture analysis
Extraction and Classification of Diving Clips from Continuous Video Footage.
continuous video footage	diving clips
A Wide-Field-of-View Monocentric Light Field Camera.
wide-field-of-view monocentric light field camera
Pedestrian Detection in Low-Resolution Imagery by Learning Multi-scale Intrinsic Motion Structures (MIMS).
learning multi-scale intrinsic motion structures	pedestrian detection	low-resolution imagery
A quasi-random sampling approach to image retrieval.
quasi-random sampling approach	image retrieval
3D curve sketch: Flexible curve-based stereo reconstruction and calibration.
flexible curve-based stereo reconstruction	3d curve sketch
Pseudoconvex Proximal Splitting for L-infinity Problems in Multiview Geometry.
pseudoconvex proximal splitting	l-infinity problems	multiview geometry
Depth Enhancement via Low-Rank Matrix Completion.
low-rank matrix completion	depth enhancement
Distance Encoded Product Quantization.
distance encoded product quantization
Action recognition using ballistic dynamics.
action recognition	ballistic dynamics
Depth and Skeleton Associated Action Recognition without Online Accessible RGB-D Cameras.
online accessible rgb-	action recognition
Sliced Wasserstein Kernels for Probability Distributions.
sliced wasserstein kernels	probability distributions
Coupling eye-motion and ego-motion features for first-person activity recognition.
first-person activity recognition	ego-motion features	coupling eye-motion
Transformation Pursuit for Image Classification.
image classification	transformation pursuit
Conditional Similarity Networks.
conditional similarity networks
A mixed bag of emotions: Model, predict, and transfer emotion distributions.
transfer emotion distributions	mixed bag
Human-assisted motion annotation.
human-assisted motion annotation
CrossTrack: Robust 3D tracking from two cross-sectional views.
robust 3d tracking	cross-sectional views
Backtracking ScSPM Image Classifier for Weakly Supervised Top-Down Saliency.
backtracking scspm image classifier	weakly supervised top-
Neural Scene De-rendering.
neural scene de-rendering
Articulated pose estimation with flexible mixtures-of-parts.
articulated pose estimation	flexible mixtures-of-parts
One Millisecond Face Alignment with an Ensemble of Regression Trees.
millisecond face alignment	regression trees
Generalized Tensor Total Variation minimization for visual data recovery?
generalized tensor total variation minimization	visual data recovery
Real-Time Image Matching Based on Multiple View Kernel Projection.
multiple view kernel projection	real-time image matching based
Efficiently selecting regions for scene understanding.
efficiently selecting regions	scene understanding
Predicting Motivations of Actions by Leveraging Text.
leveraging text	predicting motivations
Saliency Detection on Light Field.
saliency detection	light field
Superpixels and Polygons Using Simple Non-iterative Clustering.
simple non-iterative clustering
Can similar scenes help surface layout estimation?
surface layout estimation	similar scenes
Low-power and efficient ambient assistive care system for elders.
efficient ambient assistive care system
Directional independent component analysis with tensor representation.
directional independent component analysis	tensor representation
Learning structured prediction models for interactive image labeling.
learning structured prediction models	interactive image labeling
SALICON: Saliency in Context.
salicon
Saliency Revisited: Analysis of Mouse Movements Versus Fixations.
mouse movements versus fixations	saliency revisited
Simultaneous Twin Kernel Learning Using Polynomial Transformations for Structured Prediction.
simultaneous twin kernel learning	polynomial transformations	structured prediction
Super-resolution Person re-identification with semi-coupled low-rank discriminant dictionary learning.
semi-coupled low-rank discriminant dictionary learning	super-resolution person re-identification
Joint 2D-3D temporally consistent semantic segmentation of street scenes.
joint 2d-3d temporally consistent semantic segmentation	street scenes
Online Multi-object Tracking via Structural Constraint Event Aggregation.
structural constraint event aggregation	online multi-object tracking
Conditional regression forests for human pose estimation.
human pose estimation	conditional regression forests
American Sign Language alphabet recognition using Microsoft Kinect.
american sign language alphabet recognition	microsoft kinect
Correlation filters with limited boundaries.
limited boundaries	correlation filters
A study on continuous max-flow and min-cut approaches.
continuous max-flow	min-cut approaches
Binge Watching: Scaling Affordance Learning from Sitcoms.
scaling affordance learning	binge watching
Fusing Depth from Defocus and Stereo with Coded Apertures.
coded apertures	fusing depth
Hierarchical anatomical brain networks for MCI prediction by partial least square analysis.
hierarchical anatomical brain networks	mci prediction	square analysis
Real-Time Mobile Facial Expression Recognition System - A Case Study.
real-time mobile facial expression recognition system	case study
Directed assistance for ink-bleed reduction in old documents.
directed assistance	ink-bleed reduction
Randomized structure from motion based on atomic 3D models from camera triplets.
atomic 3d models	motion based	randomized structure	camera triplets
A least squares regression framework on manifolds and its application to gesture recognition.
squares regression framework	gesture recognition
Saliency Detection via Graph-Based Manifold Ranking.
graph-based manifold ranking	saliency detection
Simultaneous point matching and 3D deformable surface reconstruction.
3d deformable surface reconstruction	simultaneous point matching
Improving the Visual Comprehension of Point Sets.
visual comprehension	point sets
NetVLAD: CNN Architecture for Weakly Supervised Place Recognition.
weakly supervised place recognition	cnn architecture
Preliminary studies on the Good, the Bad, and the Ugly face recognition challenge problem.
ugly face recognition challenge problem	preliminary studies
3-D gesture-based scene navigation in medical imaging applications using Time-of-Flight cameras.
medical imaging applications	gesture-based scene navigation	time-of-flight cameras
A brute-force algorithm for reconstructing a scene from two projections.
brute-force algorithm
Likelihood ratio in a SVM framework: Fusing linear and non-linear face classifiers.
non-linear face classifiers	fusing linear	svm framework	likelihood ratio
Online Learning Asymmetric Boosted Classifiers for Object Detection.
online learning asymmetric boosted classifiers	object detection
Photometric stereo with near point lighting: A solution by mesh deformation.
point lighting	mesh deformation	photometric stereo
NeuFlow: A runtime reconfigurable dataflow processor for vision.
runtime reconfigurable dataflow processor
Online facade reconstruction from dominant frequencies in structured point clouds.
structured point clouds	online facade reconstruction	dominant frequencies
Non-rigid structure from locally-rigid motion.
non-rigid structure	locally-rigid motion
Breast Cancer Histopathological Image Classification: Is Magnification Important?
breast cancer histopathological image classification	magnification important
Scalable multi-class object detection.
scalable multi-class object detection
Object retrieval and localization with spatially-constrained similarity measure and k-NN re-ranking.
spatially-constrained similarity measure	object retrieval	k-nn re-ranking
Decentralized particle filter for joint individual-group tracking.
decentralized particle filter	joint individual-group tracking
Interspecies Knowledge Transfer for Facial Keypoint Detection.
interspecies knowledge transfer	facial keypoint detection
Learning human behaviour patterns in work environments.
learning human behaviour patterns	work environments
Fine-Grained Recognition as HSnet Search for Informative Image Parts.
informative image parts	fine-grained recognition	hsnet search
Unsupervised Learning of Discriminative Attributes and Visual Representations.
discriminative attributes	visual representations	unsupervised learning
Discrete tracking of parametrized curves.
discrete tracking	parametrized curves
The Square Root Velocity Framework for Curves in a Homogeneous Space.
square root velocity framework	homogeneous space
General trajectory prior for Non-Rigid reconstruction.
general trajectory prior	non-rigid reconstruction
Semantic Object Selection.
semantic object selection
Iris Liveness Detection by Relative Distance Comparisons.
relative distance comparisons	iris liveness detection
Tour the world: Building a web-scale landmark recognition engine.
web-scale landmark recognition engine
3DMatch: Learning Local Geometric Descriptors from RGB-D Reconstructions.
learning local geometric descriptors
3D Part-Based Sparse Tracker with Automatic Synchronization and Registration.
3d part-based sparse tracker	automatic synchronization
Answer-Type Prediction for Visual Question Answering.
visual question answering	answer-type prediction
View-invariant recognition of body pose from space-time templates.
body pose	view-invariant recognition	space-time templates
Cultural event recognition by subregion classification with convolutional neural network.
cultural event recognition	convolutional neural network	subregion classification
Towards high-resolution large-scale multi-view stereo.
high-resolution large-scale multi-view stereo
Personalizing Gesture Recognition Using Hierarchical Bayesian Neural Networks.
hierarchical bayesian neural networks	personalizing gesture recognition
Monocular 3D Object Detection for Autonomous Driving.
monocular 3d object detection	autonomous driving
New features and insights for pedestrian detection.
pedestrian detection
Using cloud shadows to infer scene structure and camera calibration.
infer scene structure	cloud shadows	camera calibration
VideoTrek: A vision system for a tag-along robot.
vision system
SCA-CNN: Spatial and Channel-Wise Attention in Convolutional Networks for Image Captioning.
convolutional networks	channel-wise attention	image captioning
Geometric and probabilistic image dissimilarity measures for common field of view detection.
probabilistic image dissimilarity measures	view detection	common field
Multimodal Mean Adaptive Backgrounding for Embedded Real-Time Video Surveillance.
embedded real-time video surveillance	adaptive backgrounding
It's Written All Over Your Face: Full-Face Appearance-Based Gaze Estimation.
full-face appearance-based gaze estimation
Position Determines Perspective: Investigating Perspective Distortion for Image Forensics of Faces.
investigating perspective distortion	position determines perspective	image forensics
Efficient rotation invariant object detection using boosted Random Ferns.
efficient rotation invariant object detection	boosted random ferns
Recovering shape characteristics on near-flat specular surfaces.
near-flat specular surfaces	recovering shape characteristics
Saliency-based discriminant tracking.
saliency-based discriminant tracking
Object recognition by discriminative combinations of line segments and ellipses.
line segments	object recognition	discriminative combinations
Dual-Space Decomposition of 2D Complex Shapes.
2d complex shapes	dual-space decomposition
Isoperimetric cut on a directed graph.
directed graph	isoperimetric cut
Deep TEN: Texture Encoding Network.
texture encoding network	deep ten
Beyond active noun tagging: Modeling contextual interactions for multi-class active learning.
multi-class active learning	active noun tagging	modeling contextual interactions
Efficient Deep Learning for Stereo Matching.
efficient deep learning	stereo matching
Local self-similarity as a dense stereo correspondence measure for themal-visible video registration.
dense stereo correspondence measure	themal-visible video registration	local self-similarity
Pixel-Level Hand Detection in Ego-centric Videos.
pixel-level hand detection	ego-centric videos
Manifold Guided Label Transfer for Deep Domain Adaptation.
manifold guided label transfer	deep domain adaptation
Automatic recognition of fingerspelled words in British Sign Language.
british sign language	fingerspelled words	automatic recognition
Magic Mirror: A virtual handbag shopping system.
virtual handbag shopping system	magic mirror
Computer vision aided target linked radiation imaging.
computer vision aided target linked radiation imaging
Quantifying cortical surface asymmetry via logistic discriminant analysis.
quantifying cortical surface asymmetry	logistic discriminant analysis
Discovering class specific composite features through discriminative sampling with Swendsen-Wang Cut.
discovering class specific composite features	discriminative sampling	swendsen-wang cut
Icon scanning: Towards next generation QR codes.
generation qr codes	icon scanning
Multi-image Blind Deblurring Using a Coupled Adaptive Sparse Prior.
coupled adaptive sparse prior	multi-image blind deblurring
Building a database of 3D scenes from user annotations.
3d scenes	user annotations
Teaching 3D geometry to deformable part models.
deformable part models	teaching 3d geometry
On the utility of extended fingerprint features: A study on pores.
extended fingerprint features
Optimal integration of photometric and geometric surface measurements using inaccurate reflectance/illumination knowledge.
inaccurate reflectance/illumination knowledge	geometric surface measurements	optimal integration
Spatiotemporal Pyramid Network for Video Action Recognition.
video action recognition	spatiotemporal pyramid network
Constrained Deep Transfer Feature Learning and Its Applications.
constrained deep transfer feature learning
Similarity learning on an explicit polynomial kernel feature map for person re-identification.
explicit polynomial kernel feature map	similarity learning	person re-identification
Deep Learning-Based Vehicle Classification Using an Ensemble of Local Expert and Global Networks.
deep learning-based vehicle classification	global networks	local expert
Multi-modal laughter recognition in video conversations.
multi-modal laughter recognition	video conversations
Shape constrained figure-ground segmentation and tracking.
shape constrained figure-ground segmentation
Deep Video Deblurring for Hand-Held Cameras.
deep video deblurring	hand-held cameras
Superpixel-Based Tracking-by-Segmentation Using Markov Chains.
superpixel-based tracking-by-segmentation	markov chains
DigiTable: an interactive multiuser table for collocated and remote collaboration enabling remote gesture visualization.
remote collaboration enabling remote gesture visualization	interactive multiuser table
Information-Driven Adaptive Structured-Light Scanners.
information-driven adaptive structured-light scanners
Detecting Vanishing Points Using Global Image Context in a Non-ManhattanWorld.
detecting vanishing points	global image context
Novel Methods for Multilinear Data Completion and De-noising Based on Tensor-SVD.
multilinear data completion	de-noising based
Image analysis by counting on a grid.
image analysis
Learning hierarchical invariant spatio-temporal features for action recognition with independent subspace analysis.
learning hierarchical invariant spatio-temporal features	independent subspace analysis	action recognition
3D structure estimation from monocular video clips.
3d structure estimation	monocular video clips
DeepNav: Learning to Navigate Large Cities.
navigate large cities
Energy-optimized mapping of application to smartphone platform - A case study of mobile face recognition.
mobile face recognition	energy-optimized mapping	case study	smartphone platform
Automatic non-rigid registration of 3D dynamic data for facial expression synthesis and transfer.
automatic non-rigid registration	facial expression synthesis	3d dynamic data
Learning class-specific affinities for image labelling.
learning class-specific affinities	image labelling
Deep Feature Flow for Video Recognition.
deep feature flow	video recognition
Face detection, pose estimation, and landmark localization in the wild.
face detection	pose estimation	landmark localization
Learning subcategory relevances for category recognition.
learning subcategory relevances	category recognition
Segmentation using superpixels: A bipartite graph partitioning approach.
bipartite graph partitioning approach
Testing Stationarity of Brain Functional Connectivity Using Change-Point Detection in fMRI Data.
brain functional connectivity	change-point detection	testing stationarity	fmri data
Predictive-Corrective Networks for Action Detection.
predictive-corrective networks	action detection
Learning Multiple Non-linear Sub-spaces Using K-RBMs.
learning multiple non-linear sub-spaces
Learning Kernel Expansions for Image Classification.
learning kernel expansions	image classification
Reliable Patch Trackers: Robust visual tracking by exploiting reliable patches.
reliable patch trackers	exploiting reliable patches	robust visual tracking
High-speed vision systems and projectors for real-time perception of the world.
high-speed vision systems	real-time perception
Decomposition, discovery and detection of visual categories using topic models.
visual categories	topic models
A unified CSF-based framework for edge detection and edge visibility.
unified csf-based framework	edge detection	edge visibility
Color constancy beyond bags of pixels.
color constancy
Fast car detection using image strip features.
image strip features	fast car detection
Feature Mining for Image Classification.
feature mining	image classification
Egocentric recognition of handled objects: Benchmark and analysis.
egocentric recognition	handled objects
Integration of Motion Cues in Optical and Sonar Videos for 3-D Positioning.
sonar videos	motion cues
Image Segmentation by Cascaded Region Agglomeration.
cascaded region agglomeration	image segmentation
Large-scale live active learning: Training object detectors with crawled data and crowds.
large-scale live active learning	training object detectors	crawled data
Learning from summaries of videos: Applying batch mode active learning to face-based biometrics.
applying batch mode active learning	face-based biometrics
Top-down visual saliency via joint CRF and dictionary learning.
dictionary learning	visual saliency	joint crf
Automatic collection of Web video shots corresponding to specific actions using Web images.
web video shots	web images	specific actions	automatic collection
Effects of Resolution and Registration Algorithm on the Accuracy of EPI vNavs for Real Time Head Motion Correction in MRI.
real time head motion correction	registration algorithm	epi vnavs
Shadow multiplexing for real-time silhouette extraction.
real-time silhouette extraction	shadow multiplexing
Global data association for multi-object tracking using network flows.
global data association	network flows	multi-object tracking
Global contrast based salient region detection.
global contrast based salient region detection
Learning a distance metric from multi-instance multi-label data.
multi-instance multi-label data	distance metric
Amodal Detection of 3D Objects: Inferring 3D Bounding Boxes from 2D Ones in RGB-Depth Images.
inferring 3d bounding boxes	3d objects	amodal detection	rgb-depth images
Pushing the frontiers of unconstrained face detection and recognition: IARPA Janus Benchmark A.
unconstrained face detection	iarpa janus benchmark
Weakly supervised sparse coding with geometric consistency pooling.
weakly supervised sparse coding	geometric consistency pooling
Visual vibrometry: Estimating material properties from small motions in video.
estimating material properties	small motions	visual vibrometry
Classification of Tumor Histology via Morphometric Context.
morphometric context	tumor histology
Iterative quantization: A procrustean approach to learning binary codes.
learning binary codes	iterative quantization	procrustean approach
CNN-SLAM: Real-Time Dense Monocular SLAM with Learned Depth Prediction.
real-time dense monocular slam	learned depth prediction
Simultaneous Optical Flow and Intensity Estimation from an Event Camera.
simultaneous optical flow	intensity estimation	event camera
QsRank: Query-sensitive hash code ranking for efficient ∊-neighbor search.
query-sensitive hash code ranking	efficient ∊-neighbor search
Scene flow by tracking in intensity and depth data.
scene flow	depth data
Compact Bilinear Pooling.
compact bilinear pooling
Structured Sparse Subspace Clustering: A unified optimization framework.
structured sparse subspace clustering	unified optimization framework
Adaptive as-natural-as-possible image stitching.
image stitching	adaptive as-natural-as-
On the Effectiveness of Visible Watermarks.
visible watermarks
Video from nearly still: An application to low frame-rate gait recognition.
low frame-rate gait recognition
Robust real-time 3D modeling of static scenes using solely a Time-of-Flight sensor.
robust real-time 3d modeling	static scenes	time-of-flight sensor
Learning 3D action models from a few 2D videos for view invariant action recognition.
learning 3d action models	view invariant action recognition	2d videos
Volumetric reconstruction from multi-energy single-view radiography.
multi-energy single-view radiography	volumetric reconstruction
Globally optimal line clustering and vanishing point estimation in Manhattan world.
globally optimal line clustering	vanishing point estimation	manhattan world
Spatio-Temporal Naive-Bayes Nearest-Neighbor (ST-NBNN) for Skeleton-Based Action Recognition.
spatio-temporal naive-bayes nearest-neighbor	skeleton-based action recognition
Image annotation using bi-relational graph of images and semantic labels.
bi-relational graph	image annotation	semantic labels
Capturing Long-Tail Distributions of Object Subcategories.
capturing long-tail distributions	object subcategories
Nonlocal matting.
nonlocal matting
Fast unsupervised ego-action learning for first-person sports videos.
fast unsupervised ego-action learning	first-person sports videos
Level Playing Field for Million Scale Face Recognition.
million scale face recognition	level playing field
Decomposing global light transport using time of flight imaging.
decomposing global light transport	flight imaging
Vision on Wheels: Looking at Driver, Vehicle, and Surround for On-Road Maneuver Analysis.
on-road maneuver analysis
Topological dynamic Bayesian networks: Application to human face identification across ages.
topological dynamic bayesian networks	human face identification
Egomotion using assorted features.
assorted features
Robust Real-Time Visual SLAM Using Scale Prediction and Exemplar Based Feature Description.
robust real-time visual slam	exemplar based feature description	scale prediction
Learning Object Interactions and Descriptions for Semantic Image Segmentation.
semantic image segmentation	learning object interactions
Posture invariant gender classification for 3D human models.
posture invariant gender classification	3d human models
Connecting the Out-of-Sample and Pre-Image Problems in Kernel Methods.
pre-image problems	kernel methods
Face2Face: Real-Time Face Capture and Reenactment of RGB Videos.
real-time face capture	rgb videos
Putting local features on a manifold.
putting local features
Using eye gaze, head pose, and facial expression for personalized non-player character interaction.
personalized non-player character interaction	head pose	eye gaze	facial expression
SCAMS: Simultaneous Clustering and Model Selection.
simultaneous clustering	model selection
Graph cut with ordering constraints on labels and its applications.
ordering constraints	graph cut
Is there a general structure for grammars?
general structure
Collection flow.
collection flow
Higher level segmentation: Detecting and grouping of invariant repetitive patterns.
higher level segmentation	invariant repetitive patterns
Gaussian Process Domain Experts for Model Adaptation in Facial Behavior Analysis.
gaussian process domain experts	facial behavior analysis	model adaptation
Device-tagged feature-based localization and mapping of wide areas with a PTZ camera.
device-tagged feature-based localization	ptz camera	wide areas
Joint Registration and Representation Learning for Unconstrained Face Identification.
unconstrained face identification	representation learning	joint registration
Robust, Real-Time 3D Tracking of Multiple Objects with Similar Appearances.
real-time 3d tracking	multiple objects	similar appearances
Symmetry reCAPTCHA.
symmetry recaptcha
Joint Multiview Segmentation and Localization of RGB-D Images Using Depth-Induced Silhouette Consistency.
depth-induced silhouette consistency	joint multiview segmentation
Robust Kernel Estimation with Outliers Handling for Image Deblurring.
robust kernel estimation	image deblurring	outliers handling
Feedback scheme for thermal-visible video registration, sensor fusion, and people tracking.
thermal-visible video registration	feedback scheme	people tracking	sensor fusion
Locally Aligned Feature Transforms across Views.
locally aligned feature transforms
Learning shape prior models for object matching.
learning shape prior models	object matching
Shrinkage Fields for Effective Image Restoration.
effective image restoration	shrinkage fields
Learning the Compositional Nature of Visual Objects.
compositional nature	visual objects
CTREC: C-arm tracking and reconstruction using elliptic curves.
c-arm tracking	elliptic curves
Multi-task Sparse Learning with Beta Process Prior for Action Recognition.
beta process prior	multi-task sparse learning	action recognition
Attributed Graph Mining and Matching: An Attempt to Define and Extract Soft Attributed Patterns.
extract soft attributed patterns	attributed graph mining
Customizing biometric authentication systems via discriminative score calibration.
customizing biometric authentication systems	discriminative score calibration
Interactive image segmentation via minimization of quadratic energies on directed graphs.
interactive image segmentation	directed graphs	quadratic energies
Real-time visual analysis of microvascular blood flow for critical care.
microvascular blood flow	real-time visual analysis	critical care
A Compact DNN: Approaching GoogLeNet-Level Accuracy of Classification and Domain Adaptation.
approaching googlenet-level accuracy	compact dnn	domain adaptation
Minimum Uncertainty Gap for Robust Visual Tracking.
robust visual tracking	minimum uncertainty gap
Cross-Modality Binary Code Learning via Fusion Similarity Hashing.
cross-modality binary code learning	fusion similarity hashing
Random tree walk toward instantaneous 3D human pose estimation.
instantaneous 3d human pose estimation	random tree walk
Fusing Robust Face Region Descriptors via Multiple Metric Learning for Face Recognition in the Wild.
fusing robust face region descriptors	multiple metric learning	face recognition
Designing a Moral Compass for the Future of Computer Vision Using Speculative Analysis.
speculative analysis	computer vision	moral compass
Deceiving Google's Cloud Video Intelligence API Built for Summarizing Videos.
cloud video intelligence api built	deceiving google	summarizing videos
Robust Monocular Epipolar Flow Estimation.
robust monocular epipolar flow estimation
Illumination-Aware Age Progression.
illumination-aware age progression
Joint Motion Segmentation and Background Estimation in Dynamic Scenes.
joint motion segmentation	background estimation	dynamic scenes
Principal regression analysis.
principal regression analysis
In between 3D Active Appearance Models and 3D Morphable Models.
3d active appearance models	3d morphable models
Learning Activity Progression in LSTMs for Activity Detection and Early Detection.
learning activity progression	activity detection	early detection
Simultaneous Super-Resolution and Cross-Modality Synthesis of 3D Medical Images Using Weakly-Supervised Joint Convolutional Sparse Coding.
weakly-supervised joint convolutional sparse coding	3d medical images	simultaneous super-resolution	cross-modality synthesis
Shape driven kernel adaptation in Convolutional Neural Network for robust facial trait recognition.
robust facial trait recognition	shape driven kernel adaptation	convolutional neural network
Scale-Aware Alignment of Hierarchical Image Segmentation.
hierarchical image segmentation	scale-aware alignment
Total variation regularization of shape signals.
total variation regularization	shape signals
Surface extraction from binary volumes with higher-order smoothness.
binary volumes	higher-order smoothness	surface extraction
Image segmentation via convolution of a level-set function with a Rigaut Kernel.
level-set function	image segmentation	rigaut kernel
Incremental on-line semantic indexing for image retrieval in dynamic databases.
incremental on-line semantic indexing	image retrieval	dynamic databases
Dynamic Facial Analysis: From Bayesian Filtering to Recurrent Neural Network.
dynamic facial analysis	recurrent neural network	bayesian filtering
Multi-view reconstruction preserving weakly-supported surfaces.
multi-view reconstruction preserving weakly-supported surfaces
Improving foreground segmentations with probabilistic superpixel Markov random fields.
probabilistic superpixel markov random fields	improving foreground segmentations
Similarity based filtering of point clouds.
similarity based filtering	point clouds
Measuring Crowd Collectiveness.
measuring crowd collectiveness
Bicycle chain shape models.
bicycle chain shape models
An eye for an eye: A single camera gaze-replacement method.
single camera gaze-replacement method
Panoramic Stereo Videos with a Single Camera.
panoramic stereo videos	single camera
Visual recognition using mappings that replicate margins.
replicate margins	visual recognition
Deconvolutional networks.
deconvolutional networks
Learning prototypical shapes for object categories.
learning prototypical shapes	object categories
Modeling and estimating persistent motion with geometric flows.
estimating persistent motion	geometric flows
Dense sampling of 3D color transfer functions using HDR photography.
3d color transfer functions	hdr photography	dense sampling
Fast matting using large kernel matting Laplacian matrices.
large kernel matting laplacian matrices	fast matting
Real-time Visual Tracking under Arbitrary Illumination Changes.
real-time visual tracking	arbitrary illumination
RGB-(D) scene labeling: Features and algorithms.
scene labeling
Better Feature Tracking through Subspace Constraints.
subspace constraints	feature tracking
Manifold-Manifold Distance with application to face recognition based on image set.
face recognition based	manifold-manifold distance	image set
Actionable saliency detection: Independent motion detection without independent motion estimation.
actionable saliency detection	independent motion estimation	independent motion detection
PoseAgent: Budget-Constrained 6D Object Pose Estimation via Reinforcement Learning.
budget-constrained 6d object pose estimation	reinforcement learning
Locally constrained diffusion process on locally densified distance spaces with applications to shape retrieval.
locally constrained diffusion process	locally densified distance spaces	shape retrieval
Pareto discriminant analysis.
pareto discriminant analysis
Scribbler: Controlling Deep Image Synthesis with Sketch and Color.
controlling deep image synthesis
BRISKS: Binary Features for Spherical Images on a Geodesic Grid.
spherical images	geodesic grid	binary features
Rolling Shutter Camera Relative Pose: Generalized Epipolar Geometry.
rolling shutter camera relative pose	generalized epipolar geometry
Covert Video Classification by Codebook Growing Pattern.
covert video classification	codebook growing pattern
Efficient MCMC sampling with implicit shape representations.
efficient mcmc sampling	implicit shape representations
Learning by Tracking: Siamese CNN for Robust Target Association.
robust target association	siamese cnn
Alternating Decision Forests.
alternating decision forests
MCMLSD: A Dynamic Programming Approach to Line Segment Detection.
dynamic programming approach	line segment detection
Accurate and Robust Registration of Nonrigid Surface Using Hierarchical Statistical Shape Model.
hierarchical statistical shape model	nonrigid surface	robust registration
DEEP-CARVING: Discovering visual attributes by carving deep neural nets.
carving deep neural nets	discovering visual attributes
A segmentation-aware object detection model with occlusion handling.
segmentation-aware object detection model	occlusion handling
Realistic 3D reconstruction of the human teeth using shape from shading with shape priors.
realistic 3d reconstruction	human teeth
Make my day - high-fidelity color denoising with Near-Infrared.
high-fidelity color denoising
A spatio-temporal clustering method using real-time motion analysis on event-based 3D vision.
event-based 3d vision	real-time motion analysis	spatio-temporal clustering method
A Mixture of Manhattan Frames: Beyond the Manhattan World.
manhattan frames	manhattan world
Learning Reconstruction-Based Remote Gaze Estimation.
learning reconstruction-based remote gaze estimation
A boosting regression approach to medical anatomy detection.
boosting regression approach	medical anatomy detection
Ambiguity Helps: Classification with Disagreements in Crowdsourced Annotations.
ambiguity helps	crowdsourced annotations
Query-Focused Video Summarization: Dataset, Evaluation, and a Memory Network Based Approach.
memory network based approach	query-focused video summarization
A framework for reducing ink-bleed in old documents.
reducing ink-bleed
Boosting algorithms for simultaneous feature extraction and selection.
simultaneous feature extraction	boosting algorithms
Integrating parametric and non-parametric models for scene labeling.
scene labeling	non-parametric models	integrating parametric
Simplified mirror-based camera pose computation via rotation averaging.
simplified mirror-based camera pose computation	rotation averaging
Unsupervised feature learning framework for no-reference image quality assessment.
no-reference image quality assessment	unsupervised feature learning framework
Seeing double without confusion: Structure-from-motion in highly ambiguous scenes.
highly ambiguous scenes
ShapeOdds: Variational Bayesian Learning of Generative Shape Models.
variational bayesian learning	generative shape models
Covering trees and lower-bounds on quadratic assignment.
quadratic assignment	covering trees
Optimizing kd-trees for scalable visual descriptor indexing.
scalable visual descriptor indexing	optimizing kd-trees
Structured Output SVM Prediction of Apparent Age, Gender and Smile from Deep Features.
structured output svm prediction	apparent age	deep features
Sparse semi-supervised learning for perceptual grouping.
sparse semi-supervised learning	perceptual grouping
Understanding collective crowd behaviors: Learning a Mixture model of Dynamic pedestrian-Agents.
understanding collective crowd behaviors	dynamic pedestrian-agents	mixture model
Real-Time Video Super-Resolution with Spatio-Temporal Networks and Motion Compensation.
real-time video super-resolution	motion compensation	spatio-temporal networks
A Parallel Decomposition Solver for SVM: Distributed dual ascend using Fenchel Duality.
distributed dual ascend	parallel decomposition solver	fenchel duality
From structure-from-motion point clouds to fast location recognition.
fast location recognition	structure-from-motion point clouds
Learning to Align Semantic Segmentation and 2.5D Maps for Geolocalization.
align semantic segmentation	5d maps
Non-negative low rank and sparse graph for semi-supervised learning.
non-negative low rank	sparse graph	semi-supervised learning
Parametric dimensionality reduction by unsupervised regression.
parametric dimensionality reduction	unsupervised regression
Neural Module Networks.
neural module networks
Deformable Spatial Pyramid Matching for Fast Dense Correspondences.
deformable spatial pyramid matching	fast dense correspondences
Geometric Generative Gaze Estimation (G3E) for Remote RGB-D Cameras.
geometric generative gaze estimation	remote rgb-
Issues in Rotational (Non-)invariance and Image Preprocessing.
image preprocessing
A cloud infrastructure for target detection and tracking using audio and video fusion.
video fusion	cloud infrastructure	target detection
Outlier-Robust Tensor PCA.
outlier-robust tensor pca
Sentence-Based Image Description with Scalable, Explicit Models.
sentence-based image description	explicit models
Spatio-chromatic decorrelation by shift-invariant filtering.
shift-invariant filtering	spatio-chromatic decorrelation
Real-Time Driver Drowsiness Detection for Embedded System Using Model Compression of Deep Neural Networks.
real-time driver drowsiness detection	deep neural networks	embedded system	model compression
Learning image-specific parameters for interactive segmentation.
learning image-specific parameters	interactive segmentation
Pairwise Decomposition of Image Sequences for Active Multi-view Recognition.
active multi-view recognition	image sequences	pairwise decomposition
A Nine-point Algorithm for Estimating Para-Catadioptric Fundamental Matrices.
estimating para-catadioptric fundamental matrices	nine-point algorithm
Efficient discriminative learning of parametric nearest neighbor classifiers.
parametric nearest neighbor classifiers	efficient discriminative learning
Unsupervised Spectral Dual Assignment Clustering of Human Actions in Context.
unsupervised spectral dual assignment clustering	human actions
How many bits does it take for a stimulus to be salient?
stimulus
Predicate logic based image grammars for complex pattern recognition.
predicate logic based image grammars	complex pattern recognition
Collaborative Summarization of Topic-Related Videos.
collaborative summarization	topic-related videos
Beyond Instance-Level Image Retrieval: Leveraging Captions to Learn a Global Visual Representation for Semantic Retrieval.
global visual representation	instance-level image retrieval	semantic retrieval	leveraging captions
Poselet Conditioned Pictorial Structures.
poselet conditioned pictorial structures
A projective framework for radiometric image analysis.
radiometric image analysis	projective framework
Multi-view hair capture using orientation fields.
multi-view hair capture	orientation fields
Homography based multiple camera detection and tracking of people in a dense crowd.
homography based multiple camera detection	dense crowd
Verifying global minima for L2 minimization problems.
l2 minimization problems	verifying global minima
CDC: Convolutional-De-Convolutional Networks for Precise Temporal Action Localization in Untrimmed Videos.
precise temporal action localization	untrimmed videos	convolutional-de-convolutional networks
Context-driven clustering by multi-class classification in an active learning framework.
active learning framework	multi-class classification	context-driven clustering
Head pose estimation on depth data based on Particle Swarm Optimization.
head pose estimation	depth data based	particle swarm optimization
A Lagrangian Particle Dynamics Approach for Crowd Flow Segmentation and Stability Analysis.
lagrangian particle dynamics approach	crowd flow segmentation	stability analysis
Weakly Supervised Object Localization with Progressive Domain Adaptation.
weakly supervised object localization	progressive domain adaptation
3D Pose tracking of walker users' lower limb with a structured-light camera on a moving platform.
3d pose tracking	moving platform	lower limb	structured-light camera	walker users
Learning effective human pose estimation from inaccurate annotation.
learning effective human pose estimation	inaccurate annotation
Bregman Divergences for Infinite Dimensional Covariance Matrices.
infinite dimensional covariance matrices	bregman divergences
Tracking of cell populations to understand their spatio-temporal behavior in response to physical stimuli.
physical stimuli	cell populations	spatio-temporal behavior
Unrolling the Shutter: CNN to Correct Motion Distortions.
correct motion distortions
Generative Graphical Models for Maneuvering Object Tracking and Dynamics Analysis.
maneuvering object tracking	generative graphical models	dynamics analysis
Semi-supervised learning of multi-factor models for face de-identification.
semi-supervised learning	face de-identification	multi-factor models
Low bit rate ROI based video coding for HDTV aerial surveillance video sequences.
low bit rate roi based video coding	hdtv aerial surveillance video sequences
Regularizing optical-flow computation using tensor theory and complex analysis.
regularizing optical-flow computation	complex analysis	tensor theory
Weakly Supervised Multiclass Video Segmentation.
weakly supervised multiclass video segmentation
Structure-from-Motion Revisited.
structure-from-motion revisited
Cut, Glue, & Cut: A Fast, Approximate Solver for Multicut Partitioning.
approximate solver	multicut partitioning
Joint Optimization of Cascaded Classifiers for Computer Aided Detection.
computer aided detection	cascaded classifiers	joint optimization
Clustering and dimensionality reduction on Riemannian manifolds.
riemannian manifolds	dimensionality reduction
Efficient region search for object detection.
efficient region search	object detection
A Compositional Model for Low-Dimensional Image Set Representation.
low-dimensional image set representation	compositional model
Data-driven depth map refinement via multi-scale sparse representation.
data-driven depth map refinement	multi-scale sparse representation
Robust 3D Features for Matching between Distorted Range Scans Captured by Moving Systems.
distorted range scans captured	robust 3d features	moving systems
Face recognition in video with closed-loop super-resolution.
closed-loop super-resolution	face recognition
Fast algorithms for large scale conditional 3D prediction.
large scale conditional 3d prediction	fast algorithms
Dilated Residual Networks.
dilated residual networks
Improved subspace clustering via exploitation of spatial constraints.
improved subspace clustering	spatial constraints
Graphical Model Approach to Iris Matching Under Deformation and Occlusion.
graphical model approach	iris matching
Hierarchical Learning of Curves Application to Guidewire Localization in Fluoroscopy.
curves application	hierarchical learning	guidewire localization
FusionFlow: Discrete-continuous optimization for optical flow estimation.
optical flow estimation	discrete-continuous optimization
Rapid and accurate developmental stage recognition of C. elegans from high-throughput image data.
accurate developmental stage recognition	high-throughput image data
A discriminatively trained, multiscale, deformable part model.
deformable part model	discriminatively trained
Globally Consistent Multi-label Assignment on the Ray Space of 4D Light Fields.
globally consistent multi-label assignment	4d light fields	ray space
Deep Affordance-Grounded Sensorimotor Object Recognition.
deep affordance-grounded sensorimotor object recognition
Learning human motion models from unsegmented videos.
learning human motion models	unsegmented videos
Predicting the histology of colorectal lesions in a probabilistic framework.
colorectal lesions	probabilistic framework
Discrete-Continuous Gradient Orientation Estimation for Faster Image Segmentation.
discrete-continuous gradient orientation estimation	faster image segmentation
Interest seam image.
interest seam image
One-shot multi-set non-rigid feature-spatial matching.
one-shot multi-set non-rigid feature-spatial matching
Estimating pose and illumination direction for frontal face synthesis.
frontal face synthesis	illumination direction	estimating pose
HOP: Hierarchical object parsing.
hierarchical object parsing
Fast Supervised Hashing with Decision Trees for High-Dimensional Data.
fast supervised hashing	decision trees	high-dimensional data
Hyper-graph matching via reweighted random walks.
reweighted random walks	hyper-graph matching
Preconditioning for Accelerated Iteratively Reweighted Least Squares in Structured Sparsity Reconstruction.
structured sparsity reconstruction	accelerated iteratively reweighted
Learning Conditional Random Fields for Stereo.
learning conditional random fields
Local deformation models for monocular 3D shape recovery.
monocular 3d shape recovery	local deformation models
Multipath Sparse Coding Using Hierarchical Matching Pursuit.
hierarchical matching pursuit	multipath sparse coding
Zero-Shot Action Recognition with Error-Correcting Output Codes.
zero-shot action recognition	error-correcting output codes
Efficient piecewise learning for conditional random fields.
conditional random fields	efficient piecewise learning
A Photon-Mapping Informed Chan-Vese Segmentation Algorithm to Enable Multispectral Sensing and Path-Planning in 3D Virtual Environments.
photon-mapping informed chan-vese segmentation algorithm	enable multispectral sensing	3d virtual environments
A coarse-to-fine approach for fast deformable object detection.
fast deformable object detection	coarse-to-fine approach
On controlling light transport in poor visibility environments.
controlling light transport	poor visibility environments
Representing Videos Using Mid-level Discriminative Patches.
mid-level discriminative patches	representing videos
Jointly learning heterogeneous features for RGB-D activity recognition.
jointly learning heterogeneous features	activity recognition
Improving biometric identification through quality-based face and fingerprint biometric fusion.
fingerprint biometric fusion	improving biometric identification	quality-based face
Learning from interpolated images using neural networks for digital forensics.
interpolated images	digital forensics	neural networks
Rotation, Scaling and Deformation Invariant Scattering for Texture Discrimination.
deformation invariant scattering	texture discrimination
A globally optimal data-driven approach for image distortion estimation.
globally optimal data-driven approach	image distortion estimation
Globally optimal surface segmentation using regional properties of segmented objects.
globally optimal surface segmentation	regional properties	segmented objects
Connected Segmentation Tree - A joint representation of region layout and hierarchy.
connected segmentation tree	region layout	joint representation
Region-Based Particle Filter for Video Object Segmentation.
video object segmentation	region-based particle filter
A Combined EM and Visual Tracking Probabilistic Model for Robust Mosaicking: Application to Fetoscopy.
visual tracking probabilistic model	robust mosaicking	combined em
Markov Chain Monte Carlo combined with deterministic methods for Markov random field optimization.
markov chain monte carlo combined	markov random field optimization	deterministic methods
Neighborhood repulsed metric learning for kinship verification.
neighborhood repulsed metric learning	kinship verification
A Practical Rank-Constrained Eight-Point Algorithm for Fundamental Matrix Estimation.
practical rank-constrained eight-point algorithm	fundamental matrix estimation
Deep 360 Pilot: Learning a Deep Agent for Piloting through 360° Sports Videos.
360° sports videos	deep agent	deep 360 pilot
RALF: A reinforced active learning formulation for object class recognition.
reinforced active learning formulation	object class recognition
Efficient object detection using cascades of nearest convex model classifiers.
nearest convex model classifiers	efficient object detection
Towards an Optimal Affect-Sensitive Instructional System of cognitive skills.
optimal affect-sensitive instructional system	cognitive skills
Recurrent Modeling of Interaction Context for Collective Activity Recognition.
collective activity recognition	recurrent modeling	interaction context
Shape grammar parsing via Reinforcement Learning.
shape grammar parsing	reinforcement learning
Early burst detection for memory-efficient image retrieval.
early burst detection	memory-efficient image retrieval
Estimation of acoustic impedance from multiple ultrasound images with application to spatial compounding.
multiple ultrasound images	spatial compounding	acoustic impedance
Fluid motion estimation method based on physical properties of waves.
fluid motion estimation method based	physical properties
Learning from Noisy Large-Scale Datasets with Minimal Supervision.
noisy large-scale datasets	minimal supervision
KL divergence based agglomerative clustering for automated Vitiligo grading.
kl divergence based agglomerative clustering	automated vitiligo grading
Facial expression recognition using Gabor motion energy filters.
gabor motion energy filters	facial expression recognition
Walk and Learn: Facial Attribute Representation Learning from Egocentric Video and Contextual Data.
facial attribute representation learning	egocentric video	contextual data
Gradient domain color restoration of clipped highlights.
gradient domain color restoration	clipped highlights
Fast and Accurate Image Super-Resolution Using a Combined Loss.
accurate image super-resolution	combined loss
Integrated target tracking and recognition via joint appearance-motion generative models.
joint appearance-motion generative models	integrated target tracking
Segmentation-Free Dynamic Scene Deblurring.
segmentation-free dynamic scene deblurring
Real-time visual tracking using compressive sensing.
real-time visual tracking	compressive sensing
Generalized projection based M-estimator: Theory and applications.
generalized projection based m-estimator
Motion Part Regularization: Improving action recognition via trajectory group selection.
improving action recognition	trajectory group selection	motion part regularization
FusionSeg: Learning to Combine Motion and Appearance for Fully Automatic Segmentation of Generic Objects in Videos.
fully automatic segmentation	generic objects	combine motion
Learning image representations from the pixel level via hierarchical sparse coding.
learning image representations	hierarchical sparse coding	pixel level
FPA-CS: Focal plane array-based compressive imaging in short-wave infrared.
focal plane array-based compressive imaging	short-wave infrared
Probabilistic models for supervised dictionary learning.
supervised dictionary learning	probabilistic models
Efficient Coarse-to-Fine Patch Match for Large Displacement Optical Flow.
large displacement optical flow	efficient coarse-to-fine patch match
CoMaL Tracking: Tracking Points at the Object Boundaries.
object boundaries	comal tracking	tracking points
On growth and formlets: Sparse multi-scale coding of planar shape.
sparse multi-scale coding	planar shape
Skeleton-Based Dynamic Hand Gesture Recognition.
skeleton-based dynamic hand gesture recognition
Coarse-to-fine low-rank structure-from-motion.
coarse-to-fine low-rank structure-from-motion
Surface feature detection and description with applications to mesh matching.
surface feature detection	mesh matching
Part-based Face Recognition Using Near Infrared Images.
part-based face recognition	infrared images
A Multimodality Framework for Creating Speaker/Non-Speaker Profile Databases for Real-World Video.
creating speaker/non-speaker profile databases	real-world video	multimodality framework
Diversity-induced Multi-view Subspace Clustering.
diversity-induced multi-view subspace clustering
Combination features and models for human detection.
human detection	combination features
Improving state-of-the-art OCR through high-precision document-specific modeling.
high-precision document-specific modeling	improving state-of-the-art ocr
A hybrid camera for motion deblurring and depth map super-resolution.
depth map super-resolution	motion deblurring	hybrid camera
Hashing with binary autoencoders.
binary autoencoders
Learning to localize detected objects.
localize detected objects
Covariance Trees for 2D and 3D Processing.
covariance trees	3d processing
Spatio-temporal Saliency detection using phase spectrum of quaternion fourier transform.
spatio-temporal saliency detection	quaternion fourier transform	phase spectrum
Fusion of Face and Palmprint for Personal Identification Based on Ordinal Features.
personal identification based	ordinal features
Temperature distribution descriptor for robust 3D shape retrieval.
robust 3d shape retrieval	temperature distribution descriptor
Estimating satellite attitude from pushbroom sensors.
estimating satellite attitude	pushbroom sensors
Jointly Learning Energy Expenditures and Activities Using Egocentric Multimodal Signals.
jointly learning energy expenditures	egocentric multimodal signals
Continuous Video to Simple Signals for Swimming Stroke Detection with Convolutional Neural Networks.
swimming stroke detection	convolutional neural networks	continuous video	simple signals
MAP-MRF inference based on extended junction tree representation.
extended junction tree representation	map-mrf inference based
Object retrieval with large vocabularies and fast spatial matching.
fast spatial matching	object retrieval	large vocabularies
A Critical Review of Action Recognition Benchmarks.
action recognition benchmarks	critical review
LSTM Self-Supervision for Detailed Behavior Analysis.
detailed behavior analysis	lstm self-supervision
Keywords to visual categories: Multiple-instance learning forweakly supervised object categorization.
multiple-instance learning forweakly supervised object categorization	visual categories
ℋC-search for structured prediction in computer vision.
structured prediction	computer vision
Image deblurring for less intrusive iris capture.
intrusive iris capture	image deblurring
Photometric Stereo Using Constrained Bivariate Regression for General Isotropic Surfaces.
constrained bivariate regression	general isotropic surfaces	photometric stereo
Estimating Cluster Overlap on Manifolds and its Application to Neuropsychiatric Disorders.
estimating cluster overlap	neuropsychiatric disorders
A GPU-based implementation of motion detection from a moving platform.
motion detection	moving platform	gpu-based implementation
Multiple clustered instance learning for histopathology cancer image classification, segmentation and clustering.
histopathology cancer image classification	multiple clustered instance learning
Hyper-Laplacian Regularized Unidirectional Low-Rank Tensor Recovery for Multispectral Image Denoising.
hyper-laplacian regularized unidirectional low-rank tensor recovery	multispectral image denoising
Adapting an object detector by considering the worst case: A conservative approach.
object detector	conservative approach	worst case
TaylorBoost: First and second-order boosting algorithms with explicit margin control.
second-order boosting algorithms	explicit margin control
Face recognition by fusion of local and global matching scores using DS theory: An evaluation with uni-classifier and multi-classifier paradigm.
global matching scores	face recognition	multi-classifier paradigm	ds theory
Deformable tree models for 2D and 3D branching structures extraction.
3d branching structures extraction	deformable tree models
Shallow and Deep Convolutional Networks for Saliency Prediction.
deep convolutional networks	saliency prediction
Tissue-Volume Preserving Deformable Image Registration for 4DCT Pulmonary Images.
tissue-volume preserving deformable image registration	4dct pulmonary images
Resolving occlusion in multiframe reconstruction of deformable surfaces.
multiframe reconstruction	resolving occlusion	deformable surfaces
Crowd-11: A Dataset for Fine Grained Crowd Behaviour Analysis.
fine grained crowd behaviour analysis
Detection of Mirror-Symmetric Image Patches.
mirror-symmetric image patches
Scalable Sparse Subspace Clustering.
scalable sparse subspace clustering
Performance evaluation of color correction approaches for automatic multi-view image and video stitching.
color correction approaches	automatic multi-view image	performance evaluation	video stitching
Line-sweep: Cross-ratio for wide-baseline matching and 3D reconstruction.
wide-baseline matching	3d reconstruction
GRASP Recurring Patterns from a Single View.
grasp recurring patterns	single view
FFTLasso: Large-Scale LASSO in the Fourier Domain.
fourier domain	large-scale lasso
Efficient GPU-Based Graph Cuts for Stereo Matching.
efficient gpu-based graph cuts	stereo matching
Cross-view action recognition via view knowledge transfer.
cross-view action recognition	view knowledge transfer
A Bayesian Approach to Multimodal Visual Dictionary Learning.
multimodal visual dictionary learning	bayesian approach
Making specific features less discriminative to improve point-based 3D object recognition.
improve point-based 3d object recognition	making specific features
Fast action proposals for human action detection and search.
fast action proposals	human action detection
Superdifferential cuts for binary energies.
superdifferential cuts	binary energies
Parameter-free/Pareto-driven procedural 3D reconstruction of buildings from ground-level sequences.
parameter-free/pareto-driven procedural 3d reconstruction	ground-level sequences
A socio-technical approach for event detection in security critical infrastructure.
security critical infrastructure	socio-technical approach	event detection
Anisotropic Laplace-Beltrami eigenmaps: Bridging Reeb graphs and skeletons.
anisotropic laplace-beltrami eigenmaps	bridging reeb graphs
CLAM: Coupled Localization and Mapping with Efficient Outlier Handling.
efficient outlier handling	coupled localization
Perspective distortion modeling, learning and compensation.
perspective distortion modeling
A Binning Scheme for Fast Hard Drive Based Image Search.
fast hard drive based image search	binning scheme
Rectification of figures and photos in document images using bounding box interface.
bounding box interface	document images
Shot boundary detection in videos using robust three-dimensional tracking.
shot boundary detection	robust three-dimensional tracking
Dense Variational Reconstruction of Non-rigid Surfaces from Monocular Video.
dense variational reconstruction	monocular video	non-rigid surfaces
Recovering free space of indoor scenes from a single image.
recovering free space	single image	indoor scenes
Subspace Clustering for Sequential Data.
sequential data	subspace clustering
Multi-agent Event Detection: Localization and Role Assignment.
multi-agent event detection	role assignment
OctNet: Learning Deep 3D Representations at High Resolutions.
learning deep 3d representations	high resolutions
Line-based Multi-Label Energy Optimization for fisheye image rectification and calibration.
line-based multi-label energy optimization	fisheye image rectification
A Train Station Surveillance System: Challenges and Solutions.
train station surveillance system
Stratified learning of local anatomical context for lung nodules in CT images.
local anatomical context	lung nodules	ct images	stratified learning
Temporally consistent diffeomorphic motion estimation with mutual information: Application to echocardiographic sequences.
temporally consistent diffeomorphic motion estimation	echocardiographic sequences	mutual information
Inferring 3D layout of building facades from a single image.
inferring 3d layout	building facades	single image
Graph Cuts-Based Registration Revisited: A Novel Approach for Lung Image Registration Using Supervoxels and Image-Guided Filtering.
graph cuts-based registration revisited	lung image registration	image-guided filtering
Optical Flow in Mostly Rigid Scenes.
optical flow	rigid scenes
Factorized graph matching.
factorized graph matching
Adversarial Discriminative Domain Adaptation.
adversarial discriminative domain adaptation
Fast Algorithms for Convolutional Neural Networks.
convolutional neural networks	fast algorithms
Indoor-outdoor classification with human accuracies: Image or edge gist?
edge gist	human accuracies	indoor-outdoor classification
From region similarity to category discovery.
region similarity	category discovery
Scale invariant cosegmentation for image groups.
scale invariant cosegmentation	image groups
Scene Parsing with Object Instances and Occlusion Ordering.
object instances	occlusion ordering	scene parsing
Hierarchical Recognition of Human Activities Interacting with Objects.
human activities interacting	hierarchical recognition
Learning 3D shape from a single facial image via non-linear manifold embedding and alignment.
single facial image	non-linear manifold embedding	learning 3d shape
Unsupervised Adaptive Re-identification in Open World Dynamic Camera Networks.
open world dynamic camera networks	unsupervised adaptive re-identification
Learning Shape Abstractions by Assembling Volumetric Primitives.
learning shape abstractions	assembling volumetric primitives
One-Shot Video Object Segmentation.
one-shot video object segmentation
Capturing Layers in Image Collections with Componential Models: From the Layered Epitome to the Componential Counting Grid.
componential counting grid	componential models	capturing layers	image collections	layered epitome
Gravitational Approach for Point Set Registration.
point set registration	gravitational approach
Robust null space representation and sampling for view-invariant motion trajectory analysis.
view-invariant motion trajectory analysis	robust null space representation
Image Deblurring Using Smartphone Inertial Sensors.
smartphone inertial sensors	image deblurring
Hierarchical Subquery Evaluation for Active Learning on a Graph.
hierarchical subquery evaluation	active learning
Shape from Shading Under Various Imaging Conditions.
imaging conditions
Detecting mirror-symmetry of a volumetric shape from its single 2D image.
single 2d image	detecting mirror-symmetry	volumetric shape
Segmentation by transduction.
transduction
Learning Transferrable Knowledge for Semantic Segmentation with Deep Convolutional Neural Network.
deep convolutional neural network	learning transferrable knowledge	semantic segmentation
Learning and Matching Line Aspects for Articulated Objects.
matching line aspects	articulated objects
On-the-Fly Adaptation of Regression Forests for Online Camera Relocalisation.
online camera relocalisation	on-the-fly adaptation	regression forests
Measuring the quality of figure/ground segmentations.
figure/ground segmentations
Tri-modal Person Re-identification with RGB, Depth and Thermal Features.
tri-modal person re-identification	thermal features
Using global bag of features models in random fields for joint categorization and segmentation of objects.
global bag	random fields	joint categorization	features models
Teaching Computer Vision and Its Societal Effects: A Look at Privacy and Security Issues from the Students' Perspective.
teaching computer vision	societal effects	security issues
Scene Coordinate Regression Forests for Camera Relocalization in RGB-D Images.
scene coordinate regression forests	camera relocalization
An MRF-based statistical deformation model for morphological image analysis.
mrf-based statistical deformation model	morphological image analysis
Underwater Camera Calibration Using Wavelength Triangulation.
underwater camera calibration	wavelength triangulation
Video summarization by learning submodular mixtures of objectives.
learning submodular mixtures	video summarization
Privacy preserving optics for miniature vision sensors.
privacy preserving optics	miniature vision sensors
Using scene features to improve wide-area video surveillance.
improve wide-area video surveillance	scene features
Fuzzy chamfer distance and its probabilistic formulation for visual tracking.
fuzzy chamfer distance	probabilistic formulation	visual tracking
Pain recognition using spatiotemporal oriented energy of facial muscles.
spatiotemporal oriented energy	facial muscles	pain recognition
End-to-End Learning of Driving Models from Large-Scale Video Datasets.
large-scale video datasets	end-to-end learning	driving models
A low-power structured light sensor for outdoor scene reconstruction and dominant material identification.
low-power structured light sensor	outdoor scene reconstruction	dominant material identification
Simultaneous registration and change detection in multitemporal, very high resolution remote sensing data.
high resolution remote sensing data	change detection	simultaneous registration
A discriminative deep model for pedestrian detection with occlusion handling.
discriminative deep model	occlusion handling	pedestrian detection
Unsupervised Learning of Image Transformations.
image transformations	unsupervised learning
Localizing actions through sequential 2D video projections.
sequential 2d video projections	localizing actions
Submodular Object Recognition.
submodular object recognition
Monocular Depth Estimation Using Neural Regression Forest.
monocular depth estimation	neural regression forest
Fuzzy foreground detection for infrared videos.
fuzzy foreground detection	infrared videos
Fast and robust numerical solutions to minimal problems for cameras with radial distortion.
robust numerical solutions	radial distortion	minimal problems
Expression-insensitive 3D face recognition using sparse representation.
expression-insensitive 3d face recognition	sparse representation
Tracking the articulated motion of two strongly interacting hands.
strongly interacting hands	articulated motion
A generative model for 3D urban scene understanding from movable platforms.
3d urban scene understanding	movable platforms	generative model
PANDA: Pose Aligned Networks for Deep Attribute Modeling.
pose aligned networks	deep attribute modeling
Fisher vectors meet Neural Networks: A hybrid classification architecture.
fisher vectors meet neural networks	hybrid classification architecture
Curious snakes: A minimum latency solution to the cluttered background problem in active contours.
minimum latency solution	cluttered background problem	active contours	curious snakes
Transfer Learning in Sign language.
sign language	transfer learning
Combining powerful local and global statistics for texture description.
combining powerful local	global statistics	texture description
Deep Tattoo Recognition.
deep tattoo recognition
Whitened Expectation Propagation: Non-Lambertian Shape from Shading and Shadow.
whitened expectation propagation	non-lambertian shape
Cross-View Image Matching for Geo-Localization in Urban Environments.
cross-view image matching	urban environments
Part-based modelling of compound scenes from images.
compound scenes	part-based modelling
Low-Complexity Global Motion Estimation for Aerial Vehicles.
low-complexity global motion estimation	aerial vehicles
Beyond the shortest path: Unsupervised domain adaptation by Sampling Subspaces along the Spline Flow.
unsupervised domain adaptation	shortest path	spline flow	sampling subspaces
Keypoints from Symmetries by Wave Propagation.
wave propagation
Articulated people detection and pose estimation: Reshaping the future.
articulated people detection	pose estimation
Visual Dialog.
visual dialog
Locality-Sensitive Deconvolution Networks with Gated Fusion for RGB-D Indoor Semantic Segmentation.
locality-sensitive deconvolution networks	indoor semantic segmentation	gated fusion
Visual Translation Embedding Network for Visual Relation Detection.
visual translation embedding network	visual relation detection
A nonparametric Bayesian approach for enhanced pedestrian detection and foreground segmentation.
nonparametric bayesian approach	enhanced pedestrian detection	foreground segmentation
Finding people in archive films through tracking.
finding people	archive films
Multi-parts and multi-feature fusion in face verification.
multi-feature fusion	face verification
Dictionary Pair Classifier Driven Convolutional Neural Networks for Object Detection.
dictionary pair classifier driven convolutional neural networks	object detection
Hardware-based camera calibration and 3D modelling under circular motion.
hardware-based camera calibration	circular motion	3d modelling
Dataset and Pipeline for Multi-view Light-Field Video.
multi-view light-field video
Investigating Nuisance Factors in Face Recognition with DCNN Representation.
investigating nuisance factors	face recognition	dcnn representation
FORMS-Locks: A Dataset for the Evaluation of Similarity Measures for Forensic Toolmark Images.
forensic toolmark images	similarity measures
An efficient branch-and-bound algorithm for optimal human pose estimation.
optimal human pose estimation	efficient branch-and-bound algorithm
From Zero-Shot Learning to Conventional Supervised Classification: Unseen Visual Data Synthesis.
unseen visual data synthesis	conventional supervised classification	zero-shot learning
A projector-camera setup for geometry-invariant frequency demultiplexing.
geometry-invariant frequency demultiplexing	projector-camera setup
Learning Aligned Cross-Modal Representations from Weakly Aligned Data.
learning aligned cross-modal representations	weakly aligned data
Smoothly varying affine stitching.
smoothly varying affine stitching
Sparse Quantization for Patch Description.
sparse quantization	patch description
Concealed object detection and segmentation over millimetric waves images.
millimetric waves images	concealed object detection
Poisson Disk Sampling on the Grassmannnian: Applications in Subspace Optimization.
poisson disk sampling	subspace optimization
VIP: Finding important people in images.
finding important people
Correspondence-free multi-camera activity analysis and scene modeling.
correspondence-free multi-camera activity analysis	scene modeling
A unified approach to salient object detection via low rank matrix recovery.
low rank matrix recovery	salient object detection	unified approach
Amplitude Modulated Video Camera - Light Separation in Dynamic Scenes.
amplitude modulated video camera	light separation	dynamic scenes
DenseCap: Fully Convolutional Localization Networks for Dense Captioning.
fully convolutional localization networks	dense captioning
Real-Time Neural Style Transfer for Videos.
real-time neural style transfer
Webly Supervised Semantic Segmentation.
webly supervised semantic segmentation
Classifying covert photographs.
classifying covert photographs
Modeling video evolution for action recognition.
modeling video evolution	action recognition
Mimicking Very Efficient Network for Object Detection.
efficient network	object detection
Object Co-segmentation via Graph Optimized-Flexible Manifold Ranking.
graph optimized-flexible manifold ranking	object co-segmentation
A collaborative benchmark for region of interest detection algorithms.
interest detection algorithms	collaborative benchmark
Context-Aware Active Authentication Using Smartphone Accelerometer Measurements.
smartphone accelerometer measurements	context-aware active authentication
Viewpoint invariants from three-dimensional data: The role of reflection in human activity understanding.
human activity understanding	viewpoint invariants	three-dimensional data
Block and Group Regularized Sparse Modeling for Dictionary Learning.
group regularized sparse modeling	dictionary learning
A method for object localization in a multiview multimodal camera system.
multiview multimodal camera system	object localization
A Dynamic Convolutional Layer for short rangeweather prediction.
dynamic convolutional layer	short rangeweather prediction
Hello neighbor: Accurate object retrieval with k-reciprocal nearest neighbors.
k-reciprocal nearest neighbors	accurate object retrieval
Data-driven 3D Voxel Patterns for object category recognition.
data-driven 3d voxel patterns	object category recognition
Combining appearance models and Markov Random Fields for category level object segmentation.
category level object segmentation	combining appearance models	markov random fields
Distributed multi-target tracking in a self-configuring camera network.
distributed multi-target tracking	self-configuring camera network
Convolutional neural networks at constrained time cost.
constrained time cost	convolutional neural networks
Thermal Imaging of the Superficial Temporal Artery: An Arterial Pulse Recovery Model.
arterial pulse recovery model	superficial temporal artery	thermal imaging
Learning temporally consistent rigidities.
learning temporally consistent rigidities
Learning Hypergraph-regularized Attribute Predictors.
learning hypergraph-regularized attribute predictors
A deformable local image descriptor.
deformable local image descriptor
Morphological snakes.
morphological snakes
Robust door detection in unfamiliar environments by combining edge and corner features.
robust door detection	combining edge	corner features	unfamiliar environments
Secrets of optical flow estimation and their principles.
optical flow estimation
Shape from specular flow: Is one flow enough?
specular flow
Learning Adaptive Receptive Fields for Deep Image Parsing Network.
learning adaptive receptive fields	deep image parsing network
Learning Inhomogeneous FRAME Models for Object Patterns.
learning inhomogeneous frame models	object patterns
Action recognition by dense trajectories.
dense trajectories	action recognition
Separable Dictionary Learning.
separable dictionary learning
Efficient mean shift belief propagation for vision tracking.
shift belief propagation	vision tracking
Scene Parsing through ADE20K Dataset.
ade20k dataset	scene parsing
Deep LDA-Pruned Nets for Efficient Facial Gender Classification.
efficient facial gender classification	deep lda-pruned nets
A comparison of crowd commotion measures from generative models.
crowd commotion measures	generative models
Aligning 3D models to RGB-D images of cluttered scenes.
aligning 3d models	cluttered scenes
Stacked Attention Networks for Image Question Answering.
stacked attention networks	image question answering
Linear motion estimation for systems of articulated planes.
linear motion estimation	articulated planes
BORDER: An Oriented Rectangles Approach to Texture-Less Object Recognition.
oriented rectangles approach	object recognition
Improving Part based Object Detection by Unsupervised, Online Boosting.
improving part based object detection	online boosting
High Distortion and Non-Structural Image Matching via Feature Co-occurrence.
non-structural image matching	feature co-occurrence	high distortion
Exemplar-based human action pose correction and tagging.
exemplar-based human action pose correction
Recognizing cultural events in images: A study of image categorization models.
image categorization models	recognizing cultural events
On handling uncertainty in the fundamental matrix for scene and motion adaptive pose recovery.
motion adaptive pose recovery	handling uncertainty	fundamental matrix
Diverse Active Ranking for Multimedia Search.
diverse active ranking	multimedia search
G-CNN: An Iterative Grid Based Object Detector.
iterative grid based object detector
Novel observation model for probabilistic object tracking.
probabilistic object tracking	observation model
A Multichannel Edge-Weighted Centroidal Voronoi Tessellation algorithm for 3D super-alloy image segmentation.
multichannel edge-weighted centroidal voronoi tessellation algorithm	3d super-alloy image segmentation
Semantic part segmentation using compositional model combining shape and appearance.
compositional model combining shape	semantic part segmentation
Large-scale manifold learning.
large-scale manifold learning
Sequential Convex Relaxation for Mutual Information-Based Unsupervised Figure-Ground Segmentation.
mutual information-based unsupervised figure-ground segmentation	sequential convex relaxation
Sparse Coding and Dictionary Learning with Linear Dynamical Systems.
linear dynamical systems	dictionary learning	sparse coding
Adaptive generic learning for face recognition from a single sample per person.
adaptive generic learning	face recognition	single sample
Facial deblur inference to improve recognition of blurred fFaces.
facial deblur inference	blurred ffaces	improve recognition
Multi-view People Tracking via Hierarchical Trajectory Composition.
multi-view people tracking	hierarchical trajectory composition
Real-time Gesture Recognition with Minimal Training Requirements and On-line Learning.
minimal training requirements	real-time gesture recognition	on-line learning
Correspondences between parts of shapes with particle filters.
particle filters
Sparsity-based image denoising via dictionary learning and structural clustering.
sparsity-based image denoising	dictionary learning	structural clustering
Hierarchical Structuring of Data on Manifolds.
hierarchical structuring
Identifying players in broadcast sports videos using conditional random fields.
broadcast sports videos	conditional random fields	identifying players
Generalized Rank Pooling for Activity Recognition.
generalized rank pooling	activity recognition
Event Recognition in Videos by Learning from Heterogeneous Web Sources.
heterogeneous web sources	event recognition
Mirror, mirror on the wall, tell me, is the error small?
error small
Image-Based Visual Perception and Representation for Collision Avoidance.
image-based visual perception	collision avoidance
The First Automatic Method for Mapping the Pothole in Seagrass.
automatic method
Online Detection of Fire in Video.
online detection
Recognizing RGB Images by Learning from RGB-D Data.
recognizing rgb images
Cartooning for Enhanced Privacy in Lifelogging and Streaming Videos.
streaming videos	enhanced privacy
Efficient Color Boundary Detection with Color-Opponent Mechanisms.
efficient color boundary detection	color-opponent mechanisms
Nonparametric density estimation on a graph: Learning framework, fast approximation and application in image segmentation.
nonparametric density estimation	image segmentation	fast approximation	learning framework
Optimized Product Quantization for Approximate Nearest Neighbor Search.
approximate nearest neighbor search	optimized product quantization
A Holistic Approach to Cross-Channel Image Noise Modeling and Its Application to Image Denoising.
cross-channel image noise modeling	image denoising	holistic approach
Pyramid Match Hashing: Sub-Linear Time Indexing Over Partial Correspondences.
sub-linear time indexing	pyramid match hashing	partial correspondences
Unsupervised Learning of Invariant Feature Hierarchies with Applications to Object Recognition.
invariant feature hierarchies	object recognition	unsupervised learning
Using Self-Contradiction to Learn Confidence Measures in Stereo Vision.
learn confidence measures	stereo vision
Topic Modeling of Multimodal Data: An Autoregressive Approach.
multimodal data	topic modeling	autoregressive approach
Context-Aware Modeling and Recognition of Activities in Video.
context-aware modeling
DeepLanes: End-To-End Lane Position Estimation Using Deep Neural Networks.
end-to-end lane position estimation	deep neural networks
Learning GMRF Structures for Spatial Priors.
learning gmrf structures	spatial priors
Quantifying Facial Expression Abnormality in Schizophrenia by Combining 2D and 3D Features.
quantifying facial expression abnormality	combining 2d	3d features
Markerless motion capture of man-machine interaction.
markerless motion capture	man-machine interaction
Video magnification in presence of large motions.
video magnification	large motions
Subset feature learning for fine-grained category classification.
subset feature learning	fine-grained category classification
Diverse Image Annotation.
diverse image annotation
From Categories to Individuals in Real Time - A Unified Boosting Approach.
unified boosting approach	real time
A revisit of Generative Model for Automatic Image Annotation using Markov Random Fields.
automatic image annotation	markov random fields	generative model
Nonparametric bottom-up saliency detection by self-resemblance.
saliency detection	nonparametric bottom-
Grasp type revisited: A modern perspective on a classical feature for vision.
grasp type revisited	classical feature	modern perspective
Learning Deep Binary Descriptor with Multi-quantization.
learning deep binary descriptor
Decoupling Sparse Coding with Fusion of Fisher Vectors and Scalable SVMs for Large-Scale Visual Recognition.
large-scale visual recognition	decoupling sparse coding	fisher vectors	scalable svms
A branch-and-bound algorithm for globally optimal hand-eye calibration.
globally optimal hand-eye calibration	branch-and-bound algorithm
Fast and Reliable Two-View Translation Estimation.
reliable two-view translation estimation
Beyond Triplet Loss: A Deep Quadruplet Network for Person Re-identification.
deep quadruplet network	triplet loss	person re-identification
Incremental Linear Discriminant Analysis Using Sufficient Spanning Set Approximations.
incremental linear discriminant analysis	sufficient spanning set approximations
Airborne analysis and assessment of urban traffic scenes from LiDAR data - Theory and experiments.
urban traffic scenes	lidar data	airborne analysis
The Power Is in Your Hands: 3D Analysis of Hand Gestures in Naturalistic Video.
3d analysis	hand gestures	naturalistic video
Large scale metric learning from equivalence constraints.
large scale metric learning	equivalence constraints
Contour people: A parameterized model of 2D articulated human shape.
2d articulated human shape	parameterized model	contour people
Deep Alignment Network: A Convolutional Neural Network for Robust Face Alignment.
robust face alignment	deep alignment network	convolutional neural network
Information Hiding in RGB Images Using an Improved Matrix Pattern Approach.
improved matrix pattern approach	information hiding	rgb images
Learning context for collective activity recognition.
collective activity recognition	learning context
A Novel Human Detection Approach Based on Depth Map via Kinect.
human detection approach based	depth map
3D human motion capture from monocular image sequences.
3d human motion capture	monocular image sequences
Probabilistic image registration and anomaly detection by nonlinear warping.
probabilistic image registration	nonlinear warping	anomaly detection
A Learning-to-Rank Approach for Image Color Enhancement.
image color enhancement	learning-to-rank approach
Deformable Motion Tracking of Cardiac Structures (DEMOTRACS) for Improved MR Imaging.
deformable motion tracking	improved mr imaging	cardiac structures
The Photometry of Intrinsic Images.
intrinsic images
Online crowdsourcing: Rating annotators and obtaining cost-effective labels.
obtaining cost-effective labels	online crowdsourcing	rating annotators
BOLD - Binary online learned descriptor for efficient image matching.
binary online learned descriptor	efficient image matching
Enforcing non-positive weights for stable support vector tracking.
stable support vector tracking	enforcing non-positive weights
Gaussian Conditional Random Fields for Face Recognition.
gaussian conditional random fields	face recognition
Exploiting phonological constraints for handshape inference in ASL video.
exploiting phonological constraints	asl video	handshape inference
Noninvasive volumetric imaging of cardiac electrophysiology.
noninvasive volumetric imaging	cardiac electrophysiology
A Probabilistic Collaborative Representation Based Approach for Pattern Classification.
probabilistic collaborative representation based approach	pattern classification
Shape Analysis with Hyperbolic Wasserstein Distance.
hyperbolic wasserstein distance	shape analysis
An Embedded Vision Services Framework for Heterogeneous Accelerators.
embedded vision services framework	heterogeneous accelerators
Differential Camera Tracking through Linearizing the Local Appearance Manifold.
local appearance manifold	differential camera tracking
3D Bounding Box Estimation Using Deep Learning and Geometry.
3d bounding box estimation	deep learning
FACE-GRAB: Face recognition with General Region Assigned to Binary operator.
general region assigned	face recognition	binary operator
Estimating Correspondences of Deformable Objects "In-the-Wild".
deformable objects	estimating correspondences
Multilinear feature extraction and classification of multi-focal images, with applications in nematode taxonomy.
multilinear feature extraction	multi-focal images	nematode taxonomy
Spatial-Depth Super Resolution for Range Images.
spatial-depth super resolution	range images
City scale geo-spatial trajectory estimation of a moving camera.
city scale geo-spatial trajectory estimation	moving camera
SRHRF+: Self-Example Enhanced Single Image Super-Resolution Using Hierarchical Random Forests.
enhanced single image super-resolution	hierarchical random forests
Collision Detection for Visually Impaired from a Body-Mounted Camera.
body-mounted camera	collision detection	visually impaired
Pose primitive based human action recognition in videos or still images.
pose primitive based human action recognition
One-To-Many Network for Visually Pleasing Compression Artifacts Reduction.
visually pleasing compression artifacts reduction
Inter-Reflection Compensation for Immersive Projection Display.
immersive projection display	inter-reflection compensation
Piecing together the segmentation jigsaw using context.
segmentation jigsaw
One-Shot Hyperspectral Imaging Using Faced Reflectors.
one-shot hyperspectral imaging	faced reflectors
Making any planar surface into a touch-sensitive display by a mere projector and camera.
touch-sensitive display	planar surface	mere projector
Principal Curvature-Based Region Detector for Object Recognition.
principal curvature-based region detector	object recognition
Secure Biometric Templates from Fingerprint-Face Features.
secure biometric templates	fingerprint-face features
End-to-End Training of Hybrid CNN-CRF Models for Stereo.
hybrid cnn-crf models	end-to-end training
Contour-based recognition.
contour-based recognition
Zero-Shot Recognition Using Dual Visual-Semantic Mapping Paths.
dual visual-semantic mapping paths	zero-shot recognition
Image parsing with a wide range of classes and scene-level context.
image parsing	wide range	scene-level context
Selective Transfer Machine for Personalized Facial Action Unit Detection.
personalized facial action unit detection	selective transfer machine
Learning-based face hallucination in DCT domain.
learning-based face hallucination	dct domain
A Temporal Scheme for Fast Learning of Image-Patch Correspondences in Realistic Multi-camera Setups.
realistic multi-camera setups	image-patch correspondences	fast learning	temporal scheme
Harnessing Object and Scene Semantics for Large-Scale Video Understanding.
large-scale video understanding	harnessing object	scene semantics
Latent Variable Graphical Model Selection Using Harmonic Analysis: Applications to the Human Connectome Project (HCP).
latent variable graphical model selection	human connectome project	harmonic analysis
From active contours to active surfaces.
active contours	active surfaces
Online-batch strongly convex Multi Kernel Learning.
online-batch strongly convex multi kernel learning
Superpixel-based video object segmentation using perceptual organization and location prior.
superpixel-based video object segmentation	location prior	perceptual organization
Coupled Spectral Regression for matching heterogeneous faces.
matching heterogeneous faces	coupled spectral regression
Learning class-specific image transformations with higher-order Boltzmann machines.
learning class-specific image transformations	higher-order boltzmann machines
A study on human age estimation under facial expression changes.
human age estimation	facial expression
Temporal Action Localization in Untrimmed Videos via Multi-stage CNNs.
temporal action localization	multi-stage cnns	untrimmed videos
Regularization of diffusion tensor field using coupled robust anisotropic diffusion filters.
coupled robust anisotropic diffusion filters	diffusion tensor field
Weakly Supervised Automatic Annotation of Pedestrian Bounding Boxes.
weakly supervised automatic annotation	pedestrian bounding boxes
Classification and Retrieval of Digital Pathology Scans: A New Dataset.
digital pathology scans
Robust 3D Tracking with Descriptor Fields.
robust 3d tracking	descriptor fields
Physically-based augmentation of real objects with virtual content under the influence of ambient light.
ambient light	real objects	physically-based augmentation	virtual content
Attention-Based Natural Language Person Retrieval.
attention-based natural language person retrieval
What makes a chair a chair?
chair
Systems issues in distributed multi-modal surveillance.
distributed multi-modal surveillance	systems issues
Fast Dynamic Programming for Elastic Registration of Curves.
fast dynamic programming	elastic registration
Joint inference of groups, events and human roles in aerial videos.
human roles	aerial videos	joint inference
MDNet: A Semantically and Visually Interpretable Medical Image Diagnosis Network.
visually interpretable medical image diagnosis network
Learning to Detect A Salient Object.
salient object
A Novel Representation for Riemannian Analysis of Elastic Curves in Rn.
riemannian analysis	elastic curves
Learning a Spatially Smooth Subspace for Face Recognition.
spatially smooth subspace	face recognition
Reconstructing non-stationary articulated objects in monocular video using silhouette information.
reconstructing non-stationary articulated objects	monocular video	silhouette information
Online multiple classifier boosting for object tracking.
online multiple classifier boosting	object tracking
Physiological face recognition is coming of age.
physiological face recognition
A mobile vision system for robust multi-person tracking.
mobile vision system	robust multi-person tracking
JOTS: Joint Online Tracking and Segmentation.
joint online tracking
A Convex Relaxation of the Ambrosio-Tortorelli Elliptic Functionals for the Mumford-Shah Functional.
ambrosio-tortorelli elliptic functionals	mumford-shah functional	convex relaxation
A Unified Approach of Multi-scale Deep and Hand-Crafted Features for Defocus Estimation.
unified approach	hand-crafted features	multi-scale deep	defocus estimation
Unsupervised detection and segmentation of identical objects.
unsupervised detection	identical objects
How to Evaluate Foreground Maps.
evaluate foreground maps
Hardware compliant approximate image codes.
hardware compliant approximate image codes
PAIGE: PAirwise Image Geometry Encoding for improved efficiency in Structure-from-Motion.
pairwise image geometry encoding	improved efficiency
Rich Feature Hierarchies for Accurate Object Detection and Semantic Segmentation.
rich feature hierarchies	accurate object detection	semantic segmentation
Robust Estimation of 3D Human Poses from a Single Image.
3d human poses	robust estimation	single image
RAW Image Reconstruction Using a Self-Contained sRGB-JPEG Image with Only 64 KB Overhead.
self-contained srgb-jpeg image	raw image reconstruction	64 kb overhead
Structure-perceptron learning of a hierarchical log-linear model.
hierarchical log-linear model	structure-perceptron learning
A Comparative Evaluation of Spectral Reflectance Representations for Spectrum Reconstruction, Interpolation and Classification.
spectral reflectance representations	spectrum reconstruction	comparative evaluation
Factors in Finetuning Deep Model for Object Detection with Long-Tail Distribution.
finetuning deep model	long-tail distribution	object detection
Combining Laplacian eigenmaps and vesselness filters for vessel segmentation in X-ray angiography.
combining laplacian eigenmaps	x-ray angiography	vesselness filters	vessel segmentation
Longitudinal Face Modeling via Temporal Deep Restricted Boltzmann Machines.
temporal deep restricted boltzmann machines	longitudinal face modeling
Relaxed matching kernels for robust image comparison.
robust image comparison	relaxed matching kernels
A closed-form solution to uncalibrated photometric stereo via diffuse maxima.
uncalibrated photometric stereo	diffuse maxima	closed-form solution
Learning Minutiae Neighborhoods: A New Binary Representation for Matching Fingerprints.
learning minutiae neighborhoods	binary representation	matching fingerprints
Global pose estimation using non-tree models.
global pose estimation	non-tree models
Simultaneous surveillance camera calibration and foot-head homology estimation from human detections.
simultaneous surveillance camera calibration	foot-head homology estimation	human detections
Joint Priors for Variational Shape and Appearance Modeling.
appearance modeling	variational shape	joint priors
Fast Multi-frame Stereo Scene Flow with Motion Segmentation.
fast multi-frame stereo scene flow	motion segmentation
Multimodal feature fusion for robust event detection in web videos.
multimodal feature fusion	robust event detection	web videos
Graph-Constrained Surface Registration Based on Tutte Embedding.
graph-constrained surface registration based	tutte embedding
Video Segmentation via Object Flow.
video segmentation	object flow
Implementation of Advanced Encryption Standard for encryption and decryption of images and text on a GPU.
advanced encryption standard
Object Tracking via Dual Linear Structured SVM and Explicit Feature Map.
dual linear structured svm	explicit feature map	object tracking
Efficient filter flow for space-variant multiframe blind deconvolution.
space-variant multiframe blind deconvolution	efficient filter flow
Not only size matters: Regularized partial matching of nonrigid shapes.
regularized partial matching	nonrigid shapes	size matters
Deep Variation-Structured Reinforcement Learning for Visual Relationship and Attribute Detection.
deep variation-structured reinforcement learning	visual relationship	attribute detection
Action snippets: How many frames does human action recognition require?
human action recognition require	action snippets
Robust Real-Time Tracking of Multiple Objects by Volumetric Mass Densities.
robust real-time tracking	volumetric mass densities	multiple objects
6D Dynamic Camera Relocalization from Single Reference Image.
6d dynamic camera relocalization	single reference image
Cooperative mapping of multiple PTZ cameras in automated surveillance systems.
automated surveillance systems	multiple ptz cameras	cooperative mapping
The Hyperbolic Geometry of Illumination-Induced Chromaticity Changes.
hyperbolic geometry	illumination-induced chromaticity
Understanding Objects in Detail with Fine-Grained Attributes.
fine-grained attributes	understanding objects
Modelling and correction of multipath interference in time of flight cameras.
multipath interference	flight cameras
Multi-target Tracking by Lagrangian Relaxation to Min-cost Network Flow.
min-cost network flow	lagrangian relaxation	multi-target tracking
Geo-location estimation from two shadow trajectories.
shadow trajectories	geo-location estimation
Detection Evolution with Multi-order Contextual Co-occurrence.
multi-order contextual co-occurrence	detection evolution
Detection of Moving Objects with Non-stationary Cameras in 5.8ms: Bringing Motion Detection to Your Mobile Device.
bringing motion detection	moving objects	mobile device	non-stationary cameras
Going deeper with convolutions.
deeper
Max-margin clustering: Detecting margins from projections of points on lines.
max-margin clustering	detecting margins
Motion and Appearance Contexts for Tracking and Re-Acquiring Targets in Aerial Videos.
appearance contexts	aerial videos	re-acquiring targets
Lean Crowdsourcing: Combining Humans and Machines in an Online System.
combining humans	online system	lean crowdsourcing
Cascaded filtering for fingerprint identification using random projections.
random projections	cascaded filtering	fingerprint identification
Robust Online Multi-object Tracking Based on Tracklet Confidence and Online Discriminative Appearance Learning.
robust online multi-object tracking based	online discriminative appearance learning	tracklet confidence
Fast Temporal Activity Proposals for Efficient Detection of Human Actions in Untrimmed Videos.
fast temporal activity proposals	untrimmed videos	efficient detection	human actions
Fast Training of Triplet-Based Deep Binary Embedding Networks.
triplet-based deep binary embedding networks	fast training
Pose estimation for category specific multiview object localization.
category specific multiview object localization	pose estimation
The patch transform and its applications to image editing.
patch transform	image editing
Frequency Map by Structure Tensor in Logarithmic Scale Space and Forensic Fingerprints.
logarithmic scale space	frequency map	structure tensor	forensic fingerprints
Integrating Grammar and Segmentation for Human Pose Estimation.
human pose estimation	integrating grammar
Absolute geo-localization thanks to Hidden Markov Model and exemplar-based metric learning.
exemplar-based metric learning	hidden markov model	absolute geo-localization
Precomputed ROMP for light transport acquisition.
light transport acquisition	precomputed romp
Efficient new-view synthesis using pairwise dictionary priors.
efficient new-view synthesis	pairwise dictionary priors
Ego-surfing first person videos.
person videos
High Resolution 3D Shape Texture from Multiple Videos.
high resolution 3d shape texture	multiple videos
Detecting Repeating Objects Using Patch Correlation Analysis.
detecting repeating objects	patch correlation analysis
Shared Kernel Information Embedding for discriminative inference.
shared kernel information embedding	discriminative inference
Multi-task warped Gaussian process for personalized age estimation.
multi-task warped gaussian process	personalized age estimation
What are the high-level concepts with small semantic gaps?
small semantic gaps	high-level concepts
Simultaneous Facial Landmark Detection, Pose and Deformation Estimation Under Facial Occlusion.
simultaneous facial landmark detection	facial occlusion	deformation estimation
Multi-object Tracking with Quadruplet Convolutional Neural Networks.
quadruplet convolutional neural networks	multi-object tracking
Position Tracking for Virtual Reality Using Commodity WiFi.
commodity wifi	position tracking	virtual reality
Graph-guided sparse reconstruction for region tagging.
graph-guided sparse reconstruction	region tagging
Non-local Image Dehazing.
non-local image dehazing
Exploring Fisher vector and deep networks for action spotting.
exploring fisher vector	action spotting	deep networks
Kernel Sharing With Joint Boosting For Multi-Class Concept Detection.
multi-class concept detection	kernel sharing	joint boosting
Using Multiple Patches for 3D Object Recognition.
3d object recognition	multiple patches
Improved Legibility of Text for Multiprojector Tiled Displays.
multiprojector tiled displays	improved legibility
Active Aperture Control and Sensor Modulation for Flexible Imaging.
active aperture control	flexible imaging	sensor modulation
Network Sketching: Exploiting Binary Structure in Deep CNNs.
exploiting binary structure	deep cnns	network sketching
Reflection Removal Using Low-Rank Matrix Completion.
low-rank matrix completion	reflection removal
Face recognition based on image sets.
face recognition based	image sets
Predicting User Annoyance Using Visual Attributes.
predicting user annoyance	visual attributes
Nonrigid registration combining global and local statistics.
nonrigid registration combining global	local statistics
ReconNet: Non-Iterative Reconstruction of Images from Compressively Sensed Measurements.
compressively sensed measurements	non-iterative reconstruction
Are Large-Scale 3D Models Really Necessary for Accurate Visual Localization?
large-scale 3d models	accurate visual localization
From partial shape matching through local deformation to robust global shape similarity for object detection.
robust global shape similarity	partial shape matching	object detection	local deformation
Urban tribes: Analyzing group photos from a social perspective.
analyzing group photos	social perspective	urban tribes
A stereo approach that handles the matting problem via image warping.
image warping	matting problem	stereo approach
Human Action Recognition Based on Context-Dependent Graph Kernels.
human action recognition based	context-dependent graph kernels
Learning image Vicept description via mixed-norm regularization for large scale semantic image search.
large scale semantic image search	learning image vicept description	mixed-norm regularization
Stacked Generative Adversarial Networks.
stacked generative adversarial networks
Semi-supervised distance metric learning for Collaborative Image Retrieval.
semi-supervised distance metric learning	collaborative image retrieval
Depth from optical turbulence.
optical turbulence
Extraction of the superficial facial vasculature, vital signs waveforms and rates using thermal imaging.
superficial facial vasculature	vital signs waveforms	thermal imaging
A Multi-stream Bi-directional Recurrent Neural Network for Fine-Grained Action Detection.
multi-stream bi-directional recurrent neural network	fine-grained action detection
Learning Everything about Anything: Webly-Supervised Visual Concept Learning.
webly-supervised visual concept learning
3D Pose Estimation Based on Multiple Monocular Cues.
3d pose estimation based	multiple monocular cues
Analyzing Wheels of Vehicles in Motion Using Laser Scanning.
laser scanning	analyzing wheels
Multi-Atlas Based Pseudo-CT Synthesis Using Multimodal Image Registration and Local Atlas Fusion Strategies.
multi-atlas based pseudo-ct synthesis	local atlas fusion strategies	multimodal image registration
Fisher and VLAD with FLAIR.
fisher
Accurate Image Super-Resolution Using Very Deep Convolutional Networks.
deep convolutional networks	accurate image super-resolution
Vehicle Re-identification for Automatic Video Traffic Surveillance.
automatic video traffic surveillance	vehicle re-identification
RON: Reverse Connection with Objectness Prior Networks for Object Detection.
objectness prior networks	reverse connection	object detection
Improving object proposals with multi-thresholding straddling expansion.
improving object proposals	multi-thresholding straddling expansion
Model-Based Iterative Restoration for Binary Document Image Compression with Dictionary Learning.
binary document image compression	model-based iterative restoration	dictionary learning
Learning from the Mistakes of Others: Matching Errors in Cross-Dataset Learning.
matching errors
Smooth Representation Clustering.
smooth representation clustering
CRF-driven Implicit Deformable Model.
crf-driven implicit deformable model
Detection by detections: Non-parametric detector adaptation for a video.
non-parametric detector adaptation
An Online Learned Elementary Grouping Model for Multi-target Tracking.
online learned elementary grouping model	multi-target tracking
Non-contact Full Field Vibration Measurement Based on Phase-Shifting.
non-contact full field vibration measurement based
Latent max-margin metric learning for comparing video face tubes.
comparing video face tubes	latent max-margin metric learning
Going Deeper into First-Person Activity Recognition.
first-person activity recognition
Large-Scale Video Classification with Convolutional Neural Networks.
large-scale video classification	convolutional neural networks
Visual Tracking via Locality Sensitive Histograms.
locality sensitive histograms	visual tracking
Probabilistic graph and hypergraph matching.
hypergraph matching	probabilistic graph
Pedestrian Detection with Unsupervised Multi-stage Feature Learning.
unsupervised multi-stage feature learning	pedestrian detection
What's Wrong with That Object? Identifying Images of Unusual Objects by Modelling the Detection Score Distribution.
detection score distribution	unusual objects	identifying images
Global image registration based on learning the prior appearance model.
global image registration based	prior appearance model
Modeling pixel process with scale invariant local patterns for background subtraction in complex scenes.
scale invariant local patterns	modeling pixel process	background subtraction	complex scenes
Nonparametric Facial Feature Localization.
nonparametric facial feature localization
Embedded Computing Framework for Vision-Based Real-Time Surround Threat Analysis and Driver Assistance.
vision-based real-time surround threat analysis	embedded computing framework	driver assistance
Memory Efficient Max Flow for Multi-label Submodular MRFs.
memory efficient max flow	multi-label submodular mrfs
Multi-layer group sparse coding - For concurrent image classification and annotation.
multi-layer group sparse coding	concurrent image classification
Motion blur identification from image gradients.
motion blur identification	image gradients
Beyond Gaussian Pyramid: Multi-skip Feature Stacking for action recognition.
multi-skip feature stacking	gaussian pyramid	action recognition
A temporal Bayesian model for classifying, detecting and localizing activities in video sequences.
temporal bayesian model	video sequences	localizing activities
Page frame segmentation for contextual advertising in print on demand books.
page frame segmentation	demand books	contextual advertising
A step towards self-calibration in SLAM: Weakly calibrated on-line structure and motion estimation.
weakly calibrated on-line structure	motion estimation
Autocalibration and Uncalibrated Reconstruction of Shape from Defocus.
uncalibrated reconstruction
2012 IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, Providence, RI, USA, June 16-21, 2012
pattern recognition	2012 ieee conference	june 16-21	computer vision
Hash Bit Selection: A Unified Solution for Selection Problems in Hashing.
hash bit selection	selection problems	unified solution
Guidance: A visual sensing platform for robotic applications.
visual sensing platform	robotic applications
Ground Truth Evaluation for Event-Based Silicon Retina Stereo Data.
event-based silicon retina stereo data	ground truth evaluation
Real-time face pose estimation from single range images.
real-time face pose estimation	single range images
Visual saliency based on multiscale deep features.
visual saliency based	multiscale deep features
Learning Detailed Face Reconstruction from a Single Image.
learning detailed face reconstruction	single image
Efficient groupwise non-rigid registration of textured surfaces.
efficient groupwise non-rigid registration	textured surfaces
Reconstructing Evolving Tree Structures in Time Lapse Sequences.
reconstructing evolving tree structures	time lapse sequences
Markov Weight Fields for face sketch synthesis.
face sketch synthesis	markov weight fields
Photometric Bundle Adjustment for Dense Multi-view 3D Modeling.
dense multi-view 3d modeling	photometric bundle adjustment
Unified Embedding and Metric Learning for Zero-Exemplar Event Detection.
zero-exemplar event detection	unified embedding	metric learning
Learning Dynamic Guidance for Depth Image Enhancement.
learning dynamic guidance	depth image enhancement
Active learning for structured probabilistic models with histogram approximation.
structured probabilistic models	histogram approximation	active learning
Recurrent Face Aging.
recurrent face aging
DCAN: Deep Contour-Aware Networks for Accurate Gland Segmentation.
deep contour-aware networks	accurate gland segmentation
Separating reflective and fluorescent components of an image.
fluorescent components	separating reflective
Artificial Complex Cells via the Tropical Semiring.
artificial complex cells	tropical semiring
Removing Clouds and Recovering Ground Observations in Satellite Image Sequences via Temporally Contiguous Robust Matrix Completion.
temporally contiguous robust matrix completion	recovering ground observations	satellite image sequences	removing clouds
MDL-CW: A Multimodal Deep Learning Framework with CrossWeights.
multimodal deep learning framework
Learning Local Image Descriptors with Deep Siamese and Triplet Convolutional Networks by Minimizing Global Loss Functions.
minimizing global loss functions	learning local image descriptors	triplet convolutional networks	deep siamese
Removing motion blur from barcode images.
removing motion blur	barcode images
Learning the right model: Efficient max-margin learning in Laplacian CRFs.
efficient max-margin learning	laplacian crfs
Explicit Occlusion Modeling for 3D Object Class Representations.
3d object class representations	explicit occlusion modeling
An Exact Penalty Method for Locally Convergent Maximum Consensus.
locally convergent maximum consensus	exact penalty method
Incremental Face Alignment in the Wild.
incremental face alignment
Constrained clustering via spectral regularization.
spectral regularization	constrained clustering
Non-planar Infrared-Visible Registration for Uncalibrated Stereo Pairs.
non-planar infrared-visible registration	uncalibrated stereo pairs
Subgraph decomposition for multi-target tracking.
subgraph decomposition	multi-target tracking
Multivariate Regression on the Grassmannian for Predicting Novel Domains.
multivariate regression
Biometric match score fusion using RVM: A case study in multi-unit iris recognition.
biometric match score fusion	multi-unit iris recognition	case study
A new approach for iris segmentation.
iris segmentation
IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, CVPR Workshops 2014, Columbus, OH, USA, June 23-28, 2014
pattern recognition	june 23-28	cvpr workshops 2014	ieee conference	computer vision
Object recognition as ranking holistic figure-ground hypotheses.
ranking holistic figure-ground hypotheses	object recognition
Symmetric two dimensional linear discriminant analysis (2DLDA).
dimensional linear discriminant analysis
Non-ideal iris segmentation using graph cuts.
non-ideal iris segmentation	graph cuts
Biologically inspired template matching using scene context.
biologically inspired template matching	scene context
Order-Preserving Wasserstein Distance for Sequence Matching.
order-preserving wasserstein distance	sequence matching
Vehicle tracking across nonoverlapping cameras using joint kinematic and appearance features.
appearance features	joint kinematic	vehicle tracking	nonoverlapping cameras
Beta Process Joint Dictionary Learning for Coupled Feature Spaces with Application to Single Image Super-Resolution.
beta process joint dictionary learning	coupled feature spaces	single image super-resolution
Multi-spectral SIFT for scene category recognition.
scene category recognition	multi-spectral sift
Robust Boltzmann Machines for recognition and denoising.
robust boltzmann machines
Human Activity Recognition Based on R Transform.
human activity recognition based
Evaluation report of integrated background modeling based on spatio-temporal features.
integrated background modeling based	evaluation report	spatio-temporal features
Multi-view Deep Network for Cross-View Classification.
multi-view deep network	cross-view classification
A theory of multi-perspective defocusing.
multi-perspective defocusing
Gaussian Conditional Random Field Network for Semantic Segmentation.
gaussian conditional random field network	semantic segmentation
Occlusion robust multi-camera face tracking.
occlusion robust multi-camera face tracking
Rapid face recognition using hashing.
rapid face recognition
Unsupervised Human Action Detection by Action Matching.
unsupervised human action detection	action matching
Wide-angle micro sensors for vision on a tight budget.
wide-angle micro sensors	tight budget
Shape Representation and Registration using Vector Distance Functions.
vector distance functions	shape representation
Contactless fingerprint identification using level zero features.
contactless fingerprint identification
Fractal Dimension Invariant Filtering and Its CNN-Based Implementation.
fractal dimension invariant filtering	cnn-based implementation
Feature Space Optimization for Semantic Video Segmentation.
feature space optimization	semantic video segmentation
On Controlling Genuine Reject Rate in Multi-stage Biometric Verification.
controlling genuine reject rate	multi-stage biometric verification
An online HDP-HMM for joint action segmentation and classification in motion capture data.
joint action segmentation	motion capture data	online hdp-hmm
Quality Assessment for Fingerprints Collected by Smartphone Cameras.
fingerprints collected	quality assessment	smartphone cameras
Multi-scale Curve Detection on Surfaces.
multi-scale curve detection
Color constancy using CNNs.
color constancy
PatchBatch: A Batch Augmented Loss for Optical Flow.
batch augmented loss	optical flow
PSF estimation using sharp edge prediction.
sharp edge prediction	psf estimation
Realtime phase-based optical flow on the GPU.
realtime phase-based optical flow
What is a camera?
camera
Bundled depth-map merging for multi-view stereo.
bundled depth-map merging	multi-view stereo
3D model search and pose estimation from single images using VIP features.
3d model search	pose estimation	vip features	single images
Generalized Deformable Spatial Pyramid: Geometry-preserving dense correspondence estimation.
geometry-preserving dense correspondence estimation	generalized deformable spatial pyramid
Generalized Max Pooling.
generalized max pooling
Restoring occluded regions using FW-PCA for face recognition.
restoring occluded regions	face recognition
Energy based multiple model fitting for non-rigid structure from motion.
energy based multiple model fitting	non-rigid structure
Making better use of edges via perceptual grouping.
perceptual grouping
SCC: Semantic Context Cascade for Efficient Action Detection.
efficient action detection	semantic context cascade
Single image super-resolution from transformed self-exemplars.
single image super-resolution	transformed self-exemplars
CoMaL: Good Features to Match on Object Boundaries.
object boundaries	good features
Hypercolumns for object segmentation and fine-grained localization.
fine-grained localization	object segmentation
Sports Field Localization via Deep Structured Models.
deep structured models	sports field localization
Athlete Pose Estimation by a Global-Local Network.
athlete pose estimation	global-local network
A contextual dissimilarity measure for accurate and efficient image search.
contextual dissimilarity measure	efficient image search
Latent topic random fields: Learning using a taxonomy of labels.
latent topic random fields
Summary Transfer: Exemplar-Based Subset Selection for Video Summarization.
exemplar-based subset selection	summary transfer	video summarization
GMMCP tracker: Globally optimal Generalized Maximum Multi Clique problem for multiple object tracking.
globally optimal generalized maximum multi clique problem	multiple object tracking	gmmcp tracker
A MRF shape prior for facade parsing with occlusions.
mrf shape prior	facade parsing
Using 3D Models to Recognize 2D Faces in the Wild.
recognize 2d faces	3d models
FlowNet 2.0: Evolution of Optical Flow Estimation with Deep Networks.
optical flow estimation	deep networks
Scale Invariant Human Action Detection from Depth Cameras Using Class Templates.
scale invariant human action detection	class templates	depth cameras
Image matching using local symmetry features.
local symmetry features	image matching
Learning Compact Binary Descriptors with Unsupervised Deep Neural Networks.
learning compact binary descriptors	unsupervised deep neural networks
Vesicles and amoebae: Globally constrained shape evolutions.
globally constrained shape evolutions
FlowBoost - Appearance learning from sparsely annotated video.
sparsely annotated video	appearance learning
Object-Aware Dense Semantic Correspondence.
object-aware dense semantic correspondence
Part Segmentation of Visual Hull for 3D Human Pose Estimation.
3d human pose estimation	visual hull	part segmentation
Meta-class features for large-scale object categorization on a budget.
large-scale object categorization	meta-class features
Spherical embedding of inlier silhouette dissimilarities.
inlier silhouette dissimilarities	spherical embedding
Event-Based Visual Inertial Odometry.
event-based visual inertial odometry
Accumulated Stability Voting: A Robust Descriptor from Descriptors of Multiple Scales.
accumulated stability voting	multiple scales	robust descriptor
Personality Traits and Job Candidate Screening via Analyzing Facial Videos.
analyzing facial videos	job candidate screening	personality traits
Megastereo: Constructing High-Resolution Stereo Panoramas.
constructing high-resolution stereo panoramas
Structured Prediction of Unobserved Voxels from a Single Depth Image.
single depth image	unobserved voxels	structured prediction
Face video retrieval with image query via hashing across Euclidean space and Riemannian manifold.
face video retrieval	riemannian manifold	image query	euclidean space
Pairwise Matching through Max-Weight Bipartite Belief Propagation.
max-weight bipartite belief propagation	pairwise matching
Dense shape correspondences using spectral high-order graph matching.
spectral high-order graph matching	dense shape correspondences
Visual textures as realizations of multivariate log-Gaussian Cox processes.
multivariate log-gaussian cox processes	visual textures
Heterogeneous Multi-task Learning for Human Pose Estimation with Deep Convolutional Neural Network.
deep convolutional neural network	human pose estimation	heterogeneous multi-task learning
Spatio-Temporal GrabCut human segmentation for face and pose recovery.
spatio-temporal grabcut human segmentation	pose recovery
Multi-scale FCN with Cascaded Instance Aware Segmentation for Arbitrary Oriented Word Spotting in the Wild.
cascaded instance aware segmentation	arbitrary oriented word spotting	multi-scale fcn
A Task-Oriented Approach for Cost-Sensitive Recognition.
task-oriented approach	cost-sensitive recognition
Staple: Complementary Learners for Real-Time Tracking.
real-time tracking	complementary learners
AgeDB: The First Manually Collected, In-the-Wild Age Database.
in-the-wild age database	manually collected
Universality of the Local Marginal Polytope.
local marginal polytope
Image retrieval via probabilistic hypergraph ranking.
probabilistic hypergraph ranking	image retrieval
Hierarchical Saliency Detection.
hierarchical saliency detection
Investigating how and when perceptual organization cues improve boundary detection in natural images.
perceptual organization cues improve boundary detection	natural images
Probabilistic temporal inference on reconstructed 3D scenes.
reconstructed 3d scenes	probabilistic temporal inference
Action MACH a spatio-temporal Maximum Average Correlation Height filter for action recognition.
spatio-temporal maximum average correlation height filter	action mach	action recognition
An Efficient Background Term for 3D Reconstruction and Tracking with Smooth Surface Models.
efficient background term	smooth surface models	3d reconstruction
Large margin pursuit for a Conic Section classifier.
conic section classifier	large margin pursuit
Head and gaze dynamics in visual attention and context learning.
gaze dynamics	visual attention	context learning
DeshadowNet: A Multi-context Embedding Deep Network for Shadow Removal.
multi-context embedding deep network	shadow removal
Generalised blurring mean-shift algorithms for nonparametric clustering.
generalised blurring mean-shift algorithms	nonparametric clustering
Recovering consistent video depth maps via bundle optimization.
recovering consistent video depth maps	bundle optimization
Support Vector Machines in face recognition with occlusions.
support vector machines	face recognition
3D Spatio-Temporal face recognition using dynamic range model sequences.
dynamic range model sequences	3d spatio-temporal face recognition
Object detection using a max-margin Hough transform.
max-margin hough transform	object detection
Capturing multiple illumination conditions using time and color multiplexing.
capturing multiple illumination conditions	color multiplexing
Integrated feature selection and higher-order spatial feature extraction for object categorization.
higher-order spatial feature extraction	integrated feature selection	object categorization
A theoretical analysis of linear and multi-linear models of image appearance.
theoretical analysis	multi-linear models	image appearance
Skeletal graphs for efficient structure from motion.
efficient structure	skeletal graphs
Global stereo reconstruction under second order smoothness priors.
global stereo reconstruction	order smoothness priors
A Surround View Camera Solution for Embedded Systems.
surround view camera solution	embedded systems
Recursive photometric stereo when multiple shadows and highlights are present.
recursive photometric stereo	multiple shadows
Extracting a fluid dynamic texture and the background from video.
fluid dynamic texture
Theory and Practice of Structure-From-Motion Using Affine Correspondences.
affine correspondences
Dynamical binary latent variable models for 3D human pose tracking.
dynamical binary latent variable models	3d human pose tracking
A generative perspective on MRFs in low-level vision.
low-level vision	generative perspective
Fusing image data with location and orientation sensor data streams for consumer video applications.
orientation sensor data streams	fusing image data	consumer video applications
The role of features, algorithms and data in visual recognition.
visual recognition
Tracklet Association in Detect-Then-Track Paradigm for Long-Term Multi-person Tracking.
long-term multi-person tracking	tracklet association	detect-then-track paradigm
Multi-target tracking by on-line learned discriminative appearance models.
on-line learned discriminative appearance models	multi-target tracking
What makes a good model of natural images?
natural images	good model
Intel(R) RealSense(TM) Stereoscopic Depth Cameras.
stereoscopic depth cameras
Slot Cars: 3D Modelling for Improved Visual Traffic Analytics.
improved visual traffic analytics	slot cars	3d modelling
Optimizing one-shot recognition with micro-set learning.
optimizing one-shot recognition	micro-set learning
Transfer learning for image classification with sparse prototype representations.
sparse prototype representations	image classification	transfer learning
GIFT: A Real-Time and Scalable 3D Shape Search Engine.
scalable 3d shape search engine
Quantized Convolutional Neural Networks for Mobile Devices.
quantized convolutional neural networks	mobile devices
Exploring facial expressions with compositional features.
exploring facial expressions	compositional features
Connected contours: A new contour completion model that respects the closure effect.
contour completion model	connected contours	closure effect
GraphTrack: Fast and globally optimal tracking in videos.
globally optimal tracking
Time-Mapping Using Space-Time Saliency.
space-time saliency
Frequency-Based 3D Reconstruction of Transparent and Specular Objects.
frequency-based 3d reconstruction	specular objects
Thermal-Visible Video Fusion for Moving Target Tracking and Pedestrian Classification.
moving target tracking	thermal-visible video fusion	pedestrian classification
Sketch Me That Shoe.
sketch
Stel component analysis: Modeling spatial correlations in image class structure.
stel component analysis	modeling spatial correlations	image class structure
A minimal parameterization of the trifocal tensor.
trifocal tensor	minimal parameterization
Symmetry integrated region-based image segmentation.
symmetry integrated region-based image segmentation
Diversity-Enhanced Condensation Algorithm and Its Application for Robust and Accurate Endoscope Three-Dimensional Motion Tracking.
accurate endoscope three-dimensional motion tracking	diversity-enhanced condensation algorithm
Disentangled Representation Learning GAN for Pose-Invariant Face Recognition.
disentangled representation learning gan	pose-invariant face recognition
Deep Residual Learning for Image Recognition.
deep residual learning	image recognition
Efficient Linear Programming for Dense CRFs.
efficient linear programming	dense crfs
Making the V in VQA Matter: Elevating the Role of Image Understanding in Visual Question Answering.
visual question answering	vqa matter	image understanding
Multi-scale interest regions from unorganized point clouds.
unorganized point clouds	multi-scale interest regions
Rolling shutter bundle adjustment.
rolling shutter bundle adjustment
PROST: Parallel robust online simple tracking.
parallel robust online simple tracking
Utilization of matching score vector similarity measures in biometric systems.
matching score vector similarity measures	biometric systems
Efficient structure from motion with weak position and orientation priors.
orientation priors	weak position	efficient structure
Video falsifying by motion interpolation and inpainting.
motion interpolation	video falsifying
Mind's eye: A recurrent visual representation for image caption generation.
recurrent visual representation	image caption generation
Asynchronous Temporal Fields for Action Recognition.
asynchronous temporal fields	action recognition
Learning Bayesian Networks with qualitative constraints.
learning bayesian networks	qualitative constraints
A mixed generative-discriminative framework for pedestrian classification.
mixed generative-discriminative framework	pedestrian classification
Object cut: Complex 3D object reconstruction through line drawing separation.
complex 3d object reconstruction	line drawing separation	object cut
Deep Future Gaze: Gaze Anticipation on Egocentric Videos Using Adversarial Networks.
deep future gaze	gaze anticipation	adversarial networks	egocentric videos
Learning for stereo vision using the structured support vector machine.
structured support vector machine	stereo vision
Observe locally, infer globally: A space-time MRF for detecting abnormal activities with incremental updates.
detecting abnormal activities	incremental updates	space-time mrf	infer globally	observe locally
Richardson-Lucy Deblurring for Moving Light Field Cameras.
moving light field cameras	richardson-lucy deblurring
Progressive Finite Newton Approach To Real-time Nonrigid Surface Detection.
progressive finite newton approach	real-time nonrigid surface detection
Bias reduction for stereo based motion estimation with applications to large scale visual odometry.
stereo based motion estimation	large scale visual odometry	bias reduction
A taxonomy of face-models for system evaluation.
system evaluation
Determining Occlusions from Space and Time Image Reconstructions.
time image reconstructions	determining occlusions
Adaptive Contour Features in oriented granular space for human detection and segmentation.
adaptive contour features	oriented granular space	human detection
SparkleVision: Seeing the world through random specular microfacets.
random specular microfacets
Dense Non-rigid Shape Correspondence Using Random Forests.
dense non-rigid shape correspondence	random forests
What Do You Do When You Know That You Don't Know?
don
Visual recognition by learning from web data: A weakly supervised domain generalization approach.
weakly supervised domain generalization approach	visual recognition	web data
Incremental Object Discovery in Time-Varying Image Collections.
incremental object discovery	time-varying image collections
Continuous ratio optimization via convex relaxation with applications to multiview 3D reconstruction.
continuous ratio optimization	multiview 3d reconstruction	convex relaxation
On the relationship between visual attributes and convolutional networks.
convolutional networks	visual attributes
High-arity interactions, polyhedral relaxations, and cutting plane algorithm for soft constraint optimisation (MAP-MRF).
cutting plane algorithm	soft constraint optimisation	polyhedral relaxations	high-arity interactions
Multiple cue integration in transductive confidence machines for head pose classification.
head pose classification	transductive confidence machines	multiple cue integration
Edge-preserving photometric stereo via depth fusion.
edge-preserving photometric stereo	depth fusion
SUN RGB-D: A RGB-D scene understanding benchmark suite.
scene understanding benchmark suite
Iteratively reweighted graph cut for multi-label MRFs with non-convex priors.
iteratively reweighted graph cut	multi-label mrfs	non-convex priors
Accurate, Dense, and Robust Multi-View Stereopsis.
robust multi-view stereopsis
A machine learning approach for material detection in hyperspectral images.
machine learning approach	hyperspectral images	material detection
Finding image distributions on active curves.
finding image distributions	active curves
Leveraging Intra and Inter-Dataset Variations for Robust Face Alignment.
robust face alignment	leveraging intra	inter-dataset variations
Learning-based analysis of emotional impairments in schizophrenia.
emotional impairments	learning-based analysis
Neural Face Editing with Intrinsic Image Disentangling.
intrinsic image disentangling	neural face editing
Multiple instance learning from multiple cameras.
multiple instance learning	multiple cameras
Ask Me Anything: Free-Form Visual Question Answering Based on Knowledge from External Sources.
free-form visual question answering based	external sources
Two perceptually motivated strategies for shape classification.
perceptually motivated strategies	shape classification
Correlational Gaussian Processes for Cross-Domain Visual Recognition.
cross-domain visual recognition	correlational gaussian processes
Offline Signature Verification Using Online Handwriting Registration.
online handwriting registration	offline signature verification
Visual Path Prediction in Complex Scenes with Crowded Moving Objects.
crowded moving objects	visual path prediction	complex scenes
Sparse image representation with epitomes.
sparse image representation
A kaleidoscopic approach to surround geometry and reflectance acquisition.
reflectance acquisition	kaleidoscopic approach	surround geometry
Light Field Stereo Matching Using Bilateral Statistics of Surface Cameras.
light field stereo matching	bilateral statistics	surface cameras
Discriminative local binary patterns for human detection in personal album.
discriminative local binary patterns	human detection	personal album
On analyzing video with very small motions.
small motions	analyzing video
Fast and robust object segmentation with the Integral Linear Classifier.
robust object segmentation	integral linear classifier
Unsupervised feature selection via distributed coding for multi-view object recognition.
multi-view object recognition	unsupervised feature selection	distributed coding
Eye-Model-Based Gaze Estimation by RGB-D Camera.
eye-model-based gaze estimation
Graph-Based Optimization with Tubularity Markov Tree for 3D Vessel Segmentation.
tubularity markov tree	3d vessel segmentation	graph-based optimization
Composite Statistical Inference for Semantic Segmentation.
composite statistical inference	semantic segmentation
Fast Human Pose Estimation using Appearance and Motion via Multi-Dimensional Boosting Regression.
fast human pose estimation	multi-dimensional boosting regression
The use of on-line co-training to reduce the training set size in pattern recognition methods: Application to left ventricle segmentation in ultrasound.
training set size	left ventricle segmentation	pattern recognition methods	on-line co-training
Localized content-based image retrieval through evidence region identification.
localized content-based image retrieval	evidence region identification
Learning realistic human actions from movies.
learning realistic human actions
Strain Rate Tensor estimation in cine cardiac MRI based on elastic image registration.
cine cardiac mri based	strain rate tensor estimation	elastic image registration
Nonnegative Matrix Factorization with Earth Mover's Distance metric.
nonnegative matrix factorization	earth mover	distance metric
GMM-SVM Fingerprint Verification Based on Minutiae Only.
gmm-svm fingerprint verification based
Monocular 3D pose estimation and tracking by detection.
monocular 3d pose estimation
Steerable part models.
steerable part models
Joint learning and dictionary construction for pattern recognition.
dictionary construction	joint learning	pattern recognition
Learning sign language by watching TV (using weakly aligned subtitles).
weakly aligned subtitles	learning sign language	watching tv
Simultaneous Localization and Calibration: Self-Calibration of Consumer Depth Cameras.
consumer depth cameras	simultaneous localization
Two-View Camera Housing Parameters Calibration for Multi-layer Flat Refractive Interface.
two-view camera housing parameters calibration	multi-layer flat refractive interface
An Iterated L1 Algorithm for Non-smooth Non-convex Optimization in Computer Vision.
iterated l1 algorithm	non-smooth non-convex optimization	computer vision
Fine-Grained Categorization and Dataset Bootstrapping Using Deep Metric Learning with Humans in the Loop.
deep metric learning	fine-grained categorization	dataset bootstrapping
RASL: Robust alignment by sparse and low-rank decomposition for linearly correlated images.
linearly correlated images	robust alignment	low-rank decomposition
Geometric ℓp-norm feature pooling for image classification.
geometric ℓp-norm feature pooling	image classification
DAISY Filter Flow: A Generalized Discrete Approach to Dense Correspondences.
generalized discrete approach	daisy filter flow	dense correspondences
Hedged Deep Tracking.
hedged deep tracking
Online group-structured dictionary learning.
online group-structured dictionary learning
Real-Time Projector Tracking on Complex Geometry Using Ordinary Imagery.
real-time projector tracking	complex geometry	ordinary imagery
Learning and using taxonomies for fast visual categorization.
fast visual categorization
Multimodal Transfer: A Hierarchical Deep Convolutional Neural Network for Fast Artistic Style Transfer.
hierarchical deep convolutional neural network	fast artistic style transfer	multimodal transfer
Person count localization in videos from noisy foreground and detections.
person count localization	noisy foreground
Rectification and 3D reconstruction of curved document images.
curved document images	3d reconstruction
Multiple-sample fusion of matching scores in biometric systems.
matching scores	biometric systems	multiple-sample fusion
Active learning for semantic segmentation with expected change.
expected change	semantic segmentation	active learning
A flow model for joint action recognition and identity maintenance.
joint action recognition	flow model	identity maintenance
Face shape recovery from a single image using CCA mapping between tensor spaces.
face shape recovery	tensor spaces	cca mapping	single image
Learning to find occlusion regions.
find occlusion regions
Iterative Instance Segmentation.
iterative instance segmentation
Heteroscedastic max-min distance analysis.
heteroscedastic max-min distance analysis
GaitGAN: Invariant Gait Feature Extraction Using Generative Adversarial Networks.
invariant gait feature extraction	generative adversarial networks
Leveraging temporal, contextual and ordering constraints for recognizing complex activities in video.
recognizing complex activities	ordering constraints	leveraging temporal
Parameter learning with truncated message-passing.
parameter learning	truncated message-passing
Stacks of convolutional Restricted Boltzmann Machines for shift-invariant feature learning.
convolutional restricted boltzmann machines	shift-invariant feature learning
Automatic Construction of Deformable Models In-the-Wild.
deformable models in-the-wild	automatic construction
Hallucinated Humans as the Hidden Context for Labeling 3D Scenes.
labeling 3d scenes	hidden context	hallucinated humans
Shape L'Âne rouge: Sliding wavelets for indexing and retrieval.
Âne rouge	sliding wavelets
Saliency estimation using a non-parametric low-level vision model.
non-parametric low-level vision model	saliency estimation
Analyzing Computer Vision Data - The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
analyzing computer vision data
Reconstructing PASCAL VOC.
reconstructing pascal voc
Relative Volume Constraints for Single View 3D Reconstruction.
single view 3d reconstruction	relative volume constraints
Tiered scene labeling with dynamic programming.
tiered scene labeling	dynamic programming
Modeling object appearance using Context-Conditioned Component Analysis.
context-conditioned component analysis	modeling object appearance
Automatic adaptation of a generic pedestrian detector to a specific traffic scene.
generic pedestrian detector	specific traffic scene	automatic adaptation
Earth Observation Using SAR and Social Media Images.
social media images	earth observation
Mesh-based global motion compensation for robust mosaicking and detection of moving objects in aerial surveillance.
mesh-based global motion compensation	moving objects	robust mosaicking	aerial surveillance
PRIVV: Private remote iris-authentication with Vaulted Verification.
private remote iris-authentication	vaulted verification
Finding the weakest link in person detectors.
weakest link	person detectors
A cross-sensor evaluation of three commercial iris cameras for iris biometrics.
commercial iris cameras	iris biometrics	cross-sensor evaluation
Rapid reconstruction of small objects on mobile phones.
mobile phones	rapid reconstruction	small objects
Factorization for non-rigid and articulated structure using metric projections.
metric projections	articulated structure
Hidden Layers in Perceptual Learning.
perceptual learning	hidden layers
Discriminative learning of iteration-wise priors for blind deconvolution.
iteration-wise priors	discriminative learning	blind deconvolution
FPGA implementation of Naive Bayes classifier for visual object recognition.
naive bayes classifier	visual object recognition	fpga implementation
How Far are We from Solving Pedestrian Detection?
solving pedestrian detection
Parsing Images of Overlapping Organisms with Deep Singling-Out Networks.
parsing images	deep singling-	overlapping organisms
Extracting vanishing points across multiple views.
extracting vanishing points	multiple views
3D pose estimation and segmentation using specular cues.
3d pose estimation	specular cues
Approximate earth mover's distance in linear time.
approximate earth mover	linear time
Pyramid Scene Parsing Network.
pyramid scene parsing network
Primary Object Segmentation in Videos Based on Region Augmentation and Reduction.
primary object segmentation	videos based	region augmentation
Generative Attribute Controller with Conditional Filtered Generative Adversarial Networks.
conditional filtered generative adversarial networks	generative attribute controller
Power mean SVM for large scale visual classification.
large scale visual classification
Video Classification Using Semantic Concept Co-occurrences.
semantic concept co-occurrences	video classification
Actions in context.
context
New insights into Laplacian similarity search.
laplacian similarity search
Understanding dyadic interactions applying proxemic theory on videosurveillance trajectories.
understanding dyadic interactions applying proxemic theory	videosurveillance trajectories
Online incremental attribute-based zero-shot learning.
online incremental attribute-based zero-shot learning
Discriminative Re-ranking of Diverse Segmentations.
diverse segmentations	discriminative re-ranking
Detecting and parsing architecture at city scale from range data.
city scale	parsing architecture	range data
What's going on? Discovering spatio-temporal dependencies in dynamic scenes.
discovering spatio-temporal dependencies	dynamic scenes
Local tensor descriptor from micro-deformation analysis.
local tensor descriptor	micro-deformation analysis
Riemannian Geometric Approaches for Measuring Movement Quality.
riemannian geometric approaches	measuring movement quality
Attention-Aware Face Hallucination via Deep Reinforcement Learning.
attention-aware face hallucination	deep reinforcement learning
Automated reconstruction of tree structures using path classifiers and Mixed Integer Programming.
mixed integer programming	tree structures	automated reconstruction	path classifiers
Increased discrimination in level set methods with embedded conditional random fields.
embedded conditional random fields	level set methods	increased discrimination
Non-rigid registration of images with geometric and photometric deformation by using local affine Fourier-moment matching.
local affine fourier-moment matching	photometric deformation	non-rigid registration
Building a dictionary of image fragments.
image fragments
A three-point minimal solution for panoramic stitching with lens distortion.
three-point minimal solution	lens distortion	panoramic stitching
Provable Self-Representation Based Outlier Detection in a Union of Subspaces.
provable self-representation based outlier detection
Probabilistic Global Scale Estimation for MonoSLAM Based on Generic Object Detection.
probabilistic global scale estimation	generic object detection	monoslam based
Improving RANSAC-Based Segmentation through CNN Encapsulation.
improving ransac-based segmentation	cnn encapsulation
DeLiGAN: Generative Adversarial Networks for Diverse and Limited Data.
generative adversarial networks	limited data
Saliency detection by multi-context deep learning.
multi-context deep learning	saliency detection
Local high-order regularization on data manifolds.
local high-order regularization	data manifolds
Detection with multi-exit asymmetric boosting.
multi-exit asymmetric boosting
Cross-scene crowd counting via deep convolutional neural networks.
deep convolutional neural networks	cross-scene crowd counting
Consistent Temporal Variations in Many Outdoor Scenes.
consistent temporal variations	outdoor scenes
Textural Hausdorff Distance for wider-range tolerance to pose variation and misalignment in 2D face recognition.
textural hausdorff distance	2d face recognition	wider-range tolerance	pose variation
Toward A Discriminative Codebook: Codeword Selection across Multi-resolution.
discriminative codebook	codeword selection
Online Dominant and Anomalous Behavior Detection in Videos.
anomalous behavior detection	online dominant
BIND: Binary Integrated Net Descriptors for Texture-Less Object Recognition.
binary integrated net descriptors	object recognition
Recurrent Memory Addressing for Describing Videos.
recurrent memory addressing	describing videos
Non-parametric Filtering for Geometric Detail Extraction and Material Representation.
geometric detail extraction	non-parametric filtering	material representation
DeepPose: Human Pose Estimation via Deep Neural Networks.
deep neural networks	human pose estimation
Enriching Texture Analysis with Semantic Data.
enriching texture analysis	semantic data
Multi-Resolution Data Fusion for Super-Resolution Electron Microscopy.
super-resolution electron microscopy	multi-resolution data fusion
Projector-Camera Guided Fast Environment Restoration of a Biofeedback System for Rehabilitation.
projector-camera guided fast environment restoration	biofeedback system
3D Occlusion Inference from Silhouette Cues.
3d occlusion inference	silhouette cues
Revisiting uncertainty in graph cut solutions.
graph cut solutions	revisiting uncertainty
Adaptive Decontamination of the Training Set: A Unified Formulation for Discriminative Visual Tracking.
discriminative visual tracking	training set	unified formulation	adaptive decontamination
Multi-label Ranking from Positive and Unlabeled Data.
unlabeled data	multi-label ranking
An empirical study of context in object detection.
object detection	empirical study
Shading Annotations in the Wild.
shading annotations
Graph Transduction Learning with Connectivity Constraints with Application to Multiple Foreground Cosegmentation.
multiple foreground cosegmentation	graph transduction learning	connectivity constraints
The 24th IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, CVPR 2011, Colorado Springs, CO, USA, 20-25 June 2011
24th ieee conference	pattern recognition	20-25 june 2011	computer vision	colorado springs
D - Clutter: Building object model library from unsupervised segmentation of cluttered scenes.
building object model library	unsupervised segmentation	cluttered scenes
Joint patch and multi-label learning for facial action unit detection.
facial action unit detection	multi-label learning	joint patch
Rolling Shutter Absolute Pose Problem with Known Vertical Direction.
rolling shutter absolute pose problem	vertical direction
Texture representations for image and video synthesis.
texture representations	video synthesis
Why You Should Forget Luminance Conversion and Do Something Better.
forget luminance conversion
Deep filter banks for texture recognition and segmentation.
deep filter banks	texture recognition
Automatic Face Reenactment.
automatic face reenactment
Consistent depth maps recovery from a trinocular video sequence.
consistent depth maps recovery	trinocular video sequence
Learning a Discriminative Null Space for Person Re-identification.
discriminative null space	person re-identification
Wavelet belief propagation for large scale inference problems.
large scale inference problems	wavelet belief propagation
Fast approximate energy minimization with label costs.
fast approximate energy minimization	label costs
Late fusion for person detection in camera networks.
camera networks	person detection	late fusion
Accurate Small Deformation Exponential Approximant to Integrate Large Velocity Fields: Application to Image Registration.
accurate small deformation exponential approximant	integrate large velocity fields	image registration
Background subtraction in varying illuminations using an ensemble based on an enlarged feature set.
enlarged feature set	varying illuminations	ensemble based	background subtraction
Multi-task deep visual-semantic embedding for video thumbnail selection.
multi-task deep visual-semantic embedding	video thumbnail selection
A data driven method for feature transformation.
data driven method	feature transformation
Robust flash deblurring.
robust flash deblurring
Discriminant image filter learning for face recognition with local binary pattern like representation.
discriminant image filter learning	local binary pattern	face recognition
Contextual boost for pedestrian detection.
pedestrian detection	contextual boost
On Benefits of Selection Diversity via Bilevel Exclusive Sparsity.
bilevel exclusive sparsity	selection diversity
Anticipating Visual Representations from Unlabeled Video.
anticipating visual representations	unlabeled video
Physics-Based Person Tracking Using Simplified Lower-Body Dynamics.
simplified lower-body dynamics	physics-based person tracking
Large-scale knowledge transfer for object localization in ImageNet.
large-scale knowledge transfer	object localization
Abrupt motion tracking via adaptive stochastic approximation Monte Carlo sampling.
adaptive stochastic approximation monte carlo sampling	abrupt motion tracking
Adding Unlabeled Samples to Categories by Learned Attributes.
adding unlabeled samples	learned attributes
From skeletons to bone graphs: Medial abstraction for object recognition.
medial abstraction	bone graphs	object recognition
Low-rank matrix recovery with structural incoherence for robust face recognition.
low-rank matrix recovery	robust face recognition	structural incoherence
Label-Embedding for Attribute-Based Classification.
attribute-based classification
Accurate and robust registration for in-hand modeling.
robust registration	in-hand modeling
A probabilistic representation of LiDAR range data for efficient 3D object detection.
efficient 3d object detection	lidar range data	probabilistic representation
Temporal Segmentation of Egocentric Videos.
egocentric videos	temporal segmentation
An Empirical Evaluation of Current Convolutional Architectures' Ability to Manage Nuisance Location and Scale Variability.
current convolutional architectures	manage nuisance location	empirical evaluation	scale variability
Slow and Steady Feature Analysis: Higher Order Temporal Coherence in Video.
higher order temporal coherence	steady feature analysis
Efficient representation of local geometry for large scale object retrieval.
large scale object retrieval	local geometry	efficient representation
Binarized Mode Seeking for Scalable Visual Pattern Discovery.
scalable visual pattern discovery	binarized mode seeking
Holistic context modeling using semantic co-occurrences.
holistic context modeling	semantic co-occurrences
Object of Interest segmentation and Tracking by Using Feature Selection and Active Contours.
active contours	interest segmentation	feature selection
Shape and Texture Based Countermeasure to Protect Face Recognition Systems against Mask Attacks.
protect face recognition systems	texture based countermeasure	mask attacks
Depth from Diffusion.
diffusion
Supervised Discrete Hashing.
supervised discrete hashing
Point Matching in the Presence of Outliers in Both Point Sets: A Concave Optimization Approach.
concave optimization approach	point sets	point matching
MODEC: Multimodal Decomposable Models for Human Pose Estimation.
human pose estimation	multimodal decomposable models
Large Scale Hard Sample Mining with Monte Carlo Tree Search.
large scale hard sample mining	monte carlo tree search
SRN: Side-Output Residual Network for Object Symmetry Detection in the Wild.
side-output residual network	object symmetry detection
Vehicle Type Classification Using Bagging and Convolutional Neural Network on Multi View Surveillance Image.
multi view surveillance image	vehicle type classification	convolutional neural network
Area Preserving Brain Mapping.
area preserving brain mapping
Illumination and spatially varying specular reflectance from a single view.
spatially varying specular reflectance	single view
Linear discriminative image processing operator analysis.
linear discriminative image processing operator analysis
Data driven mean-shift belief propagation for non-gaussian MRFs.
data driven mean-shift belief propagation	non-gaussian mrfs
Relaxation-Based Preprocessing Techniques for Markov Random Field Inference.
markov random field inference	relaxation-based preprocessing techniques
Adaptive pose priors for pictorial structures.
adaptive pose priors	pictorial structures
Interpretable Structure-Evolving LSTM.
interpretable structure-evolving lstm
Recurrently Target-Attending Tracking.
recurrently target-attending tracking
Learning multiple visual tasks while discovering their structure.
learning multiple visual tasks
Contextual flow.
contextual flow
Discriminative Segment Annotation in Weakly Labeled Video.
weakly labeled video	discriminative segment annotation
Detection and matching of rectilinear structures.
rectilinear structures
A convex optimization approach to robust fundamental matrix estimation.
robust fundamental matrix estimation	convex optimization approach
Registration of Developmental Image Sequences with Missing Data.
developmental image sequences	missing data
Efficient online structured output learning for keypoint-based object tracking.
efficient online structured output learning	keypoint-based object tracking
Vehicle detection and tracking in wide field-of-view aerial video.
wide field-of-view aerial video	vehicle detection
Memory constrained face recognition.
memory constrained face recognition
Error-Tolerant Scribbles Based Interactive Image Segmentation.
error-tolerant scribbles based interactive image segmentation
Robust camera self-calibration from monocular images of Manhattan worlds.
robust camera self-calibration	monocular images	manhattan worlds
Annotating Object Instances with a Polygon-RNN.
annotating object instances
Recognition using regions.
regions
Content and context-based multi-label image annotation.
context-based multi-label image annotation
Sketching in the air: A vision-based system for 3D object design.
3d object design	vision-based system
Beyond bottom-up: Incorporating task-dependent influences into a computational model of spatial attention.
incorporating task-dependent influences	computational model	spatial attention
Face tracking and recognition with visual constraints in real-world videos.
visual constraints	real-world videos	face tracking
Local shape estimation from a single keypoint.
local shape estimation	single keypoint
Localization accuracy of region detectors.
region detectors	localization accuracy
Moving vistas: Exploiting motion for describing scenes.
exploiting motion	describing scenes	moving vistas
Understanding deep image representations by inverting them.
understanding deep image representations
Dimensionality Reduction and Clustering on Statistical Manifolds.
dimensionality reduction	statistical manifolds
Automated extraction of signs from continuous sign language sentences using Iterated Conditional Modes.
continuous sign language sentences	iterated conditional modes	automated extraction
Scaling up biologically-inspired computer vision: A case study in unconstrained face recognition on facebook.
biologically-inspired computer vision	unconstrained face recognition	case study
Image Question Answering Using Convolutional Neural Network with Dynamic Parameter Prediction.
convolutional neural network	dynamic parameter prediction	image question answering
Weakly supervised object detection with convex clustering.
weakly supervised object detection	convex clustering
Structure and motion from road-driving stereo sequences.
road-driving stereo sequences
Noise resistant graph ranking for improved web image search.
noise resistant graph ranking	improved web image search
Semantic Segmentation with Boundary Neural Fields.
boundary neural fields	semantic segmentation
Mirror Surface Reconstruction from a Single Image.
mirror surface reconstruction	single image
General and nested Wiberg minimization.
nested wiberg minimization
Random walks on graphs to model saliency in images.
model saliency	random walks
Motion capture using joint skeleton tracking and surface estimation.
joint skeleton tracking	motion capture	surface estimation
A-Optimal Non-negative Projection for image representation.
a-optimal non-negative projection	image representation
Fisher Kernels on Visual Vocabularies for Image Categorization.
fisher kernels	image categorization	visual vocabularies
Hash-SVM: Scalable Kernel Machines for Large-Scale Visual Classification.
large-scale visual classification	scalable kernel machines
Second-order constrained parametric proposals and sequential search-based structured prediction for semantic segmentation in RGB-D images.
second-order constrained parametric proposals	sequential search-based structured prediction	semantic segmentation
Real-Time Plane-Sweeping Stereo with Multiple Sweeping Directions.
real-time plane-sweeping stereo	multiple sweeping directions
Recovering 6D Object Pose and Predicting Next-Best-View in the Crowd.
recovering 6d object pose	predicting next-best-view
Human Object Interaction Recognition Using Rate-Invariant Shape Analysis of Inter Joint Distances Trajectories.
human object interaction recognition	inter joint distances trajectories	rate-invariant shape analysis
Real-time O(1) bilateral filtering.
bilateral filtering
Identifying First-Person Camera Wearers in Third-Person Videos.
identifying first-person camera wearers	third-person videos
Displaying a Moving Image By Multiple Steerable Projectors.
multiple steerable projectors	moving image
Efficient Intersection of Three Quadrics and Applications in Computer Vision.
efficient intersection	computer vision
SLAM++: Simultaneous Localisation and Mapping at the Level of Objects.
simultaneous localisation
Unsupervised local color correction for coarsely registered images.
unsupervised local color correction	coarsely registered images
Learning Motion Categories using both Semantic and Structural Information.
learning motion categories	structural information
HANOLISTIC: A Hierarchical Automatic Image Annotation System Using Holistic Approach.
hierarchical automatic image annotation system	holistic approach
Small sample scene categorization from perceptual relations.
small sample scene categorization	perceptual relations
Differential Angular Imaging for Material Recognition.
differential angular imaging	material recognition
Discrete minimum ratio curves and surfaces.
discrete minimum ratio curves
Efficient object shape recovery via slicing planes.
efficient object shape recovery	slicing planes
Accurate 3D face reconstruction from weakly calibrated wide baseline images with profile contours.
weakly calibrated wide baseline images	accurate 3d face reconstruction	profile contours
Image Fusion with Local Spectral Consistency and Dynamic Gradient Sparsity.
dynamic gradient sparsity	local spectral consistency	image fusion
Appearance control by projector camera feedback for visually impaired.
projector camera feedback	appearance control	visually impaired
Efficient Change Detection for Very Large Motion Blurred Images.
large motion blurred images	efficient change detection
ReD-SFA: Relation Discovery Based Slow Feature Analysis for Trajectory Clustering.
relation discovery based slow feature analysis	trajectory clustering
Learning object class detectors from weakly annotated video.
learning object class detectors	weakly annotated video
Wide-Area Egomotion Estimation from Known 3D Structure.
wide-area egomotion estimation	3d structure
Pose-Aware Face Recognition in the Wild.
pose-aware face recognition
Seeing Invisible Poses: Estimating 3D Body Pose from Egocentric Video.
estimating 3d body pose	egocentric video	invisible poses
A global optimization approach to robust multi-model fitting.
robust multi-model fitting	global optimization approach
A multiple server scheme for fingerprint fuzzy vaults.
multiple server scheme	fingerprint fuzzy vaults
Learning to propose objects.
propose objects
Multiple object detection by sequential monte carlo and Hierarchical Detection Network.
multiple object detection	sequential monte carlo	hierarchical detection network
SURFTrac: Efficient tracking and continuous object recognition using local feature descriptors.
local feature descriptors	continuous object recognition	efficient tracking
Discriminatively Embedded K-Means for Multi-view Clustering.
discriminatively embedded k-means	multi-view clustering
Maximizing intra-individual correlations for face recognition across pose differences.
maximizing intra-individual correlations	face recognition	pose differences
Novelty detection from an ego-centric perspective.
ego-centric perspective	novelty detection
Optimal Estimation of Diffusion in DW-MRI by High-Order MRF-Based Joint Deformable Registration and Diffusion Modeling.
high-order mrf-based joint deformable registration	optimal estimation
3D Semantic Parsing of Large-Scale Indoor Spaces.
3d semantic parsing	large-scale indoor spaces
Occlusion Patterns for Object Class Detection.
object class detection	occlusion patterns
Estimating Scale of a Scene from a Single Image Based on Defocus Blur and Scene Geometry.
single image based	estimating scale	defocus blur
Multiple Instance Learning of Pulmonary Embolism Detection with Geodesic Distance along Vascular Structure.
multiple instance learning	pulmonary embolism detection	vascular structure	geodesic distance
A theory of phase-sensitive rotation invariance with spherical harmonic and moment-based representations.
phase-sensitive rotation invariance	moment-based representations	spherical harmonic
Geometry constrained sparse coding for single image super-resolution.
geometry constrained sparse coding	single image super-resolution
Simultaneous super-resolution and 3D video using graph-cuts.
simultaneous super-resolution	3d video
Sparse reconstruction cost for abnormal event detection.
sparse reconstruction cost	abnormal event detection
Fast Neural Cell Detection Using Light-Weight SSD Neural Network.
fast neural cell detection	light-weight ssd neural network
Motion-Depth: RGB-D Depth Map Enhancement with Motion and Depth in Complement.
depth map enhancement
Avoiding the Deconvolution: Framework Oriented Color Transfer for Enhancing Low-Light Images.
framework oriented color transfer	enhancing low-light images
Order determination and sparsity-regularized metric learning adaptive visual tracking.
sparsity-regularized metric learning adaptive visual tracking	order determination
Learning Residual Images for Face Attribute Manipulation.
face attribute manipulation	learning residual images
Towards a Principled Integration of Multi-camera Re-identification and Tracking Through Optimal Bayes Filters.
optimal bayes filters	principled integration	multi-camera re-identification
Simultaneous pose and non-rigid shape with particle dynamics.
particle dynamics	simultaneous pose	non-rigid shape
Fast multiple shape correspondence by pre-organizing shape instances.
fast multiple shape correspondence	pre-organizing shape instances
Principal appearance and motion from boosted spatiotemporal descriptors.
boosted spatiotemporal descriptors	principal appearance
UltraStereo: Efficient Learning-Based Matching for Active Stereo Systems.
efficient learning-based matching	active stereo systems
Hand tracking by binary quadratic programming and its application to retail activity recognition.
retail activity recognition	binary quadratic programming	hand tracking
Model Transport: Towards Scalable Transfer Learning on Manifolds.
scalable transfer learning	model transport
Dense 3D Reconstruction from Severely Blurred Images Using a Single Moving Camera.
severely blurred images	single moving camera	dense 3d reconstruction
Hierarchical Gaussian Descriptor for Person Re-identification.
hierarchical gaussian descriptor	person re-identification
Automatic fetal face detection from ultrasound volumes via learning 3D and 2D information.
automatic fetal face detection	learning 3d	2d information	ultrasound volumes
Fast approximate RandomWalker segmentation using eigenvector precomputation.
fast approximate randomwalker segmentation	eigenvector precomputation
Robust discriminative wire structure modeling with application to stent enhancement in fluoroscopy.
robust discriminative wire structure modeling	stent enhancement
Dataset fingerprints: Exploring image collections through data mining.
exploring image collections	data mining	dataset fingerprints
Scene Parsing by Integrating Function, Geometry and Appearance Models.
integrating function	scene parsing	appearance models
Object Detection in Videos with Tubelet Proposal Networks.
tubelet proposal networks	object detection
Efficient Solvers for Minimal Problems by Syzygy-Based Reduction.
efficient solvers	minimal problems	syzygy-based reduction
Curvature and singularity driven diffusion for oriented pattern enhancement with singular points.
singularity driven diffusion	oriented pattern enhancement	singular points
Where am I: Place instance and category recognition using spatial PACT.
spatial pact	category recognition	place instance
Virtual reconstruction of archaeological vessels using convex hulls of surface markings.
convex hulls	surface markings	virtual reconstruction	archaeological vessels
Multicore bundle adjustment.
multicore bundle adjustment
Sequential sparsification for change detection.
change detection	sequential sparsification
The Amazing Mysteries of the Gutter: Drawing Inferences Between Panels in Comic Book Narratives.
comic book narratives	drawing inferences	amazing mysteries
Heterogeneous Visual Features Fusion via Sparse Multimodal Machine.
heterogeneous visual features fusion	sparse multimodal machine
Non-rigid registration of 3D surfaces by deformable 2D triangular meshes.
deformable 2d triangular meshes	3d surfaces	non-rigid registration
Learning hierarchical representations for face verification with convolutional deep belief networks.
convolutional deep belief networks	learning hierarchical representations	face verification
Affine-invariant, elastic shape analysis of planar contours.
elastic shape analysis	planar contours
Reliable Crowdsourcing and Deep Locality-Preserving Learning for Expression Recognition in the Wild.
deep locality-preserving learning	reliable crowdsourcing	expression recognition
Coded exposure imaging for projective motion deblurring.
coded exposure imaging	projective motion deblurring
Trajectory Ensemble: Multiple Persons Consensus Tracking Across Non-overlapping Multiple Cameras over Randomly Dropped Camera Networks.
randomly dropped camera networks	multiple persons consensus tracking	non-overlapping multiple cameras	trajectory ensemble
Two-tensor streamline tractography through white matter intra-voxel fiber crossings: Assessed by fMRI.
white matter intra-voxel fiber crossings	two-tensor streamline tractography
Online semi-supervised perception: Real-time learning without explicit feedback.
online semi-supervised perception	explicit feedback	real-time learning
A biquadratic reflectance model for radiometric image analysis.
radiometric image analysis	biquadratic reflectance model
Attractor-Shape for Dynamical Analysis of Human Movement: Applications in Stroke Rehabilitation and Action Recognition.
dynamical analysis	human movement	action recognition	stroke rehabilitation
Online robust image alignment via iterative convex optimization.
online robust image alignment	iterative convex optimization
Gated classifiers: Boosting under high intra-class variation.
high intra-class variation	gated classifiers
Blind Image Deconvolution by Automatic Gradient Activation.
automatic gradient activation	blind image deconvolution
Semantic structure from motion.
semantic structure
Perceptual based stereoscopic content analysis using salient information, dense disparity maps, and modified random walk framework.
perceptual based stereoscopic content analysis	modified random walk framework	dense disparity maps	salient information
Minimum error bounded efficient ℓ1 tracker with occlusion detection.
minimum error bounded efficient ℓ1 tracker	occlusion detection
Global Optimality in Neural Network Training.
neural network training	global optimality
Tracking with local spatio-temporal motion patterns in extremely crowded scenes.
local spatio-temporal motion patterns	extremely crowded scenes
Fully Convolutional Region Proposal Networks for Multispectral Person Detection.
fully convolutional region proposal networks	multispectral person detection
Multiplicative nonnegative graph embedding.
multiplicative nonnegative graph embedding
Information-theoretic active scene exploration.
information-theoretic active scene exploration
Feature- and depth-supported modified total variation optical flow for 3D motion field estimation in real scenes.
depth-supported modified total variation optical flow	3d motion field estimation	real scenes
Fine-Grained Recognition of Thousands of Object Categories with Single-Example Training.
fine-grained recognition	object categories
Detailed, Accurate, Human Shape Estimation from Clothed 3D Scan Sequences.
clothed 3d scan sequences	human shape estimation
Modality and Component Aware Feature Fusion for RGB-D Scene Classification.
component aware feature fusion	scene classification
Group action induced distances for averaging and clustering Linear Dynamical Systems with applications to the analysis of dynamic scenes.
group action induced distances	clustering linear dynamical systems	dynamic scenes
Linear stratified approach for 3D modelling and calibration using full geometric constraints.
full geometric constraints	linear stratified approach	3d modelling
Alphabet SOUP: A framework for approximate energy minimization.
approximate energy minimization	alphabet soup
Show and tell: A neural image caption generator.
neural image caption generator
3D occlusion recovery using few cameras.
3d occlusion recovery
Crisp Weighted Support Vector Regression for robust single model estimation : application to object tracking in image sequences.
crisp weighted support vector regression	robust single model estimation	image sequences	object tracking
Volterrafaces: Discriminant analysis using Volterra kernels.
volterra kernels	discriminant analysis
Discriminative shape from shading in uncalibrated illumination.
discriminative shape	uncalibrated illumination
Branch and track.
track
A novel supervised level set method for non-rigid object tracking.
supervised level set method	non-rigid object tracking
DAG-Recurrent Neural Networks for Scene Labeling.
dag-recurrent neural networks	scene labeling
Toward Flexible 3D Modeling using a Catadioptric Camera.
flexible 3d modeling	catadioptric camera
Image Super Resolution Based on Fusing Multiple Convolution Neural Networks.
fusing multiple convolution neural networks	image super resolution based
FPGA acceleration for feature based processing applications.
feature based processing applications	fpga acceleration
Beyond Mahalanobis metric: Cayley-Klein metric learning.
cayley-klein metric learning	mahalanobis metric
Continuous maximal flows and Wulff shapes: Application to MRFs.
continuous maximal flows	wulff shapes
Stereo and IMU assisted visual odometry on an OMAP3530 for small robots.
imu assisted visual odometry	small robots
Bypassing synthesis: PLS for face recognition with pose, low-resolution and sketch.
face recognition	bypassing synthesis
Asymmetric Sparse Kernel Approximations for Large-Scale Visual Search.
asymmetric sparse kernel approximations	large-scale visual search
ChaLearn Looking at People RGB-D Isolated and Continuous Datasets for Gesture Recognition.
gesture recognition	people rgb-	continuous datasets
Human vs. Computer in Scene and Object Recognition.
object recognition
Optimizing Binary MRFs via Extended Roof Duality.
extended roof duality	optimizing binary mrfs
Using Stereo Matching for 2-D Face Recognition Across Pose.
face recognition	stereo matching
The Matrioska Tracking Algorithm on LTDT2014 Dataset.
matrioska tracking algorithm	ltdt2014 dataset
Appearance-based object reacquisition for mobile manipulation.
appearance-based object reacquisition	mobile manipulation
An analysis of color demosaicing in plenoptic cameras.
plenoptic cameras	color demosaicing
Bayesian sparse representation for hyperspectral image super resolution.
hyperspectral image super resolution	bayesian sparse representation
Real-time Automatic Deceit Detection from Involuntary Facial Expressions.
real-time automatic deceit detection	involuntary facial expressions
Nonparametric image parsing using adaptive neighbor sets.
nonparametric image parsing	adaptive neighbor sets
A Fast Approximate AIB Algorithm for Distributional Word Clustering.
fast approximate aib algorithm	distributional word clustering
Meshless deformable models for LV motion analysis.
meshless deformable models	lv motion analysis
Highly accurate boundary detection and grouping.
highly accurate boundary detection
Efficient Object Detection and Segmentation for Fine-Grained Recognition.
efficient object detection	fine-grained recognition
Fast scale invariant feature detection and matching on programmable graphics hardware.
fast scale invariant feature detection	programmable graphics hardware
Video anomaly detection based on local statistical aggregates.
video anomaly detection based	local statistical aggregates
Probabilistic Graphlet Cut: Exploiting Spatial Structure Cue for Weakly Supervised Image Segmentation.
exploiting spatial structure cue	weakly supervised image segmentation	probabilistic graphlet cut
Fine-Tuning Convolutional Neural Networks for Biomedical Image Analysis: Actively and Incrementally.
fine-tuning convolutional neural networks	biomedical image analysis
Thin-Slicing Network: A Deep Structured Model for Pose Estimation in Videos.
deep structured model	pose estimation	thin-slicing network
Single Image Super-resolution Using Deformable Patches.
single image super-resolution	deformable patches
Detection and Accurate Localization of Circular Fiducials under Highly Challenging Conditions.
highly challenging conditions	accurate localization	circular fiducials
Image Denoising via CNNs: An Adversarial Approach.
image denoising	adversarial approach
2008 IEEE Computer Society Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR 2008), 24-26 June 2008, Anchorage, Alaska, USA
2008 ieee computer society conference	computer vision	24-26 june 2008	pattern recognition
A graphical model approach for matching partial signatures.
matching partial signatures	graphical model approach
Constrained image segmentation from hierarchical boundaries.
constrained image segmentation	hierarchical boundaries
Joint Training of Cascaded CNN for Face Detection.
joint training	cascaded cnn	face detection
Protecting against screenshots: An image processing approach.
image processing approach
Viewpoint-Coded Structured Light.
viewpoint-coded structured light
Improving Semantic Concept Detection through the Dictionary of Visually-Distinct Elements.
improving semantic concept detection	visually-distinct elements
Active Image Segmentation Propagation.
active image segmentation propagation
A reasoning engine for intruders' localization in wide open areas using a network of cameras and RFIDs.
wide open areas	reasoning engine
Fast image stitching and editing for panorama painting on mobile phones.
fast image stitching	mobile phones	panorama painting
Spindle Net: Person Re-identification with Human Body Region Guided Feature Decomposition and Fusion.
human body region guided feature decomposition	spindle net	person re-identification
Real-Time Vehicle Tracking in Aerial Video Using Hyperspectral Features.
real-time vehicle tracking	hyperspectral features	aerial video
Stereographic rectification of omnidirectional stereo pairs.
omnidirectional stereo pairs	stereographic rectification
An affine Invariant hyperspectral texture descriptor based upon heavy-tailed distributions and fourier analysis.
affine invariant hyperspectral texture descriptor based	fourier analysis	heavy-tailed distributions
Sequential particle swarm optimization for visual tracking.
sequential particle swarm optimization	visual tracking
Unified graph matching in Euclidean spaces.
unified graph matching	euclidean spaces
Tracking through scattered occlusion.
scattered occlusion
Mobile Video Capture of Multi-page Documents.
mobile video capture	multi-page documents
Learning an object class representation on a continuous viewsphere.
object class representation	continuous viewsphere
Semantic Instance Segmentation for Autonomous Driving.
semantic instance segmentation	autonomous driving
DeepCAMP: Deep Convolutional Action & Attribute Mid-Level Patterns.
deep convolutional action & attribute mid-level patterns
Leveraging Crowdsourced Data for Creating Temporal Segmentation Ground Truths of Subjective Tasks.
creating temporal segmentation ground truths	leveraging crowdsourced data	subjective tasks
Asymmetric Feature Maps with Application to Sketch Based Retrieval.
asymmetric feature maps	sketch based retrieval
Video compressive sensing with on-chip programmable subsampling.
video compressive sensing	on-chip programmable subsampling
Visual tracking via incremental Log-Euclidean Riemannian subspace learning.
incremental log-euclidean riemannian subspace learning	visual tracking
Categorization in natural time-varying image sequences.
natural time-varying image sequences
Temporal Domain Neural Encoder for Video Representation Learning.
temporal domain neural encoder	video representation learning
Solving Temporal Puzzles.
solving temporal puzzles
Least squares congealing for unsupervised alignment of images.
unsupervised alignment	squares congealing
Convolutional Two-Stream Network Fusion for Video Action Recognition.
convolutional two-stream network fusion	video action recognition
Estimating object region from local contour configuration.
estimating object region	local contour configuration
Compositional Boosting for Computing Hierarchical Image Structures.
computing hierarchical image structures	compositional boosting
Decomposing and regularizing sparse/non-sparse components for motion field estimation.
motion field estimation	regularizing sparse/non-sparse components
Boosting for transfer learning with multiple sources.
multiple sources	transfer learning
P3 & Beyond: Solving Energies with Higher Order Cliques.
higher order cliques	solving energies
Robust visual tracking using autoregressive hidden Markov Model.
autoregressive hidden markov model	robust visual tracking
Gradual DropIn of Layers to Train Very Deep Neural Networks.
deep neural networks	gradual dropin
Tensor Robust Principal Component Analysis: Exact Recovery of Corrupted Low-Rank Tensors via Convex Optimization.
tensor robust principal component analysis	corrupted low-rank tensors	exact recovery	convex optimization
On the Two-View Geometry of Unsynchronized Cameras.
two-view geometry	unsynchronized cameras
3D Structure Modeling of Dense Capillaries by Multi-objects Tracking.
3d structure modeling	multi-objects tracking	dense capillaries
Learning contour-fragment-based shape model with And-Or tree representation.
learning contour-fragment-based shape model	tree representation
High resolution multispectral video capture with a hybrid camera system.
high resolution multispectral video capture	hybrid camera system
View invariant human action recognition using histograms of 3D joints.
view invariant human action recognition	3d joints
Viraliency: Pooling Local Virality.
pooling local virality
Learning to segment moving objects in videos.
segment moving objects
A Sentence Is Worth a Thousand Pixels.
thousand pixels
Intensity statistics-based HSI diffusion for color photo denoising.
intensity statistics-based hsi diffusion	color photo denoising
Efficient structure detection via random consensus graph.
random consensus graph	efficient structure detection
Supervised local subspace learning for continuous head pose estimation.
continuous head pose estimation	supervised local subspace learning
Joint Discriminative Bayesian Dictionary and Classifier Learning.
joint discriminative bayesian dictionary	classifier learning
Discriminative Feature-to-Point Matching in Image-Based Localization.
discriminative feature-to-point matching	image-based localization
Dynamic Attention-Controlled Cascaded Shape Regression Exploiting Training Data Augmentation and Fuzzy-Set Sample Weighting.
dynamic attention-controlled cascaded shape regression exploiting training data augmentation	fuzzy-set sample weighting
Adaptive Registration of Very Large Images.
adaptive registration	large images
PrivacyCam: a Privacy Preserving Camera Using uCLinux on the Blackfin DSP.
privacy preserving camera	blackfin dsp
Occlusion Boundary Detection via Deep Exploration of Context.
occlusion boundary detection	deep exploration
sLLE: Spherical locally linear embedding with applications to tomography.
spherical locally linear embedding
Learning Multi-domain Convolutional Neural Networks for Visual Tracking.
learning multi-domain convolutional neural networks	visual tracking
Abnormal Event Detection on BMTT-PETS 2017 Surveillance Challenge.
bmtt-pets 2017 surveillance challenge	abnormal event detection
Bacteria Foraging Fusion for Face Recognition across Age Progression.
bacteria foraging fusion	face recognition	age progression
Interleaved pixel lookup for embedded computer vision.
interleaved pixel lookup	embedded computer vision
The role of image understanding in contour detection.
image understanding	contour detection
Robust 3D Face Recognition Using Learned Visual Codebook.
robust 3d face recognition	learned visual codebook
Noise Robust Depth from Focus Using a Ring Difference Filter.
noise robust depth	ring difference filter
Modulation Domain Template Tracking.
modulation domain template tracking
A weighted sparse coding framework for saliency detection.
weighted sparse coding framework	saliency detection
Weakly supervised semantic segmentation for social images.
weakly supervised semantic segmentation	social images
Digital face makeup by example.
digital face makeup
New insights into the calibration of ToF-sensors.
calibration
IRINA: Iris Recognition (Even) in Inaccurately Segmented Data.
inaccurately segmented data	iris recognition
Synthesis of stereoscopic views from monocular endoscopic videos.
monocular endoscopic videos	stereoscopic views
(BP)2: Beyond pairwise Belief Propagation labeling by approximating Kikuchi free energies.
approximating kikuchi free energies	pairwise belief propagation labeling
Lp-Norm IDF for Large Scale Image Search.
large scale image search	lp-norm idf
Real time object tracking based on dynamic feature grouping with background subtraction.
real time object tracking based	dynamic feature grouping	background subtraction
ICORD: Intelligent Collection of Redundant Data - A Dynamic System for Crowdsourcing Cell Segmentations Accurately and Efficiently.
crowdsourcing cell segmentations accurately	dynamic system	redundant data	intelligent collection
Deep Sketch Hashing: Fast Free-Hand Sketch-Based Image Retrieval.
fast free-hand sketch-based image retrieval	deep sketch hashing
Radiometric calibration using temporal irradiance mixtures.
temporal irradiance mixtures	radiometric calibration
What Sparse Light Field Coding Reveals about Scene Structure.
sparse light field coding reveals	scene structure
Dense 3D reconstruction from specularity consistency.
dense 3d reconstruction	specularity consistency
Learning-based deformation estimation for fast non-rigid registration.
learning-based deformation estimation	fast non-rigid registration
Constructing image panoramas using dual-homography warping.
constructing image panoramas	dual-homography warping
3-D reconstruction and measurement of microtubules from multiple angle-total internal reflection fluorescence microscopy.
multiple angle-total internal reflection fluorescence microscopy
Discriminative Multi-modal Feature Fusion for RGBD Indoor Scene Recognition.
rgbd indoor scene recognition	discriminative multi-modal feature fusion
Repetition-based dense single-view reconstruction.
repetition-based dense single-view reconstruction
Ensemble Video Object Cut in Highly Dynamic Scenes.
ensemble video object cut	highly dynamic scenes
Unsupervised Vanishing Point Detection and Camera Calibration from a Single Manhattan Image with Radial Distortion.
unsupervised vanishing point detection	single manhattan image	radial distortion	camera calibration
Semantic object segmentation via detection in weakly labeled video.
weakly labeled video	semantic object segmentation
Learning Discriminative Features with Class Encoder.
learning discriminative features	class encoder
Transfer Learning Based Evolutionary Algorithm for Composite Face Sketch Recognition.
transfer learning based evolutionary algorithm	composite face sketch recognition
Complex spectral minutiae representation for fingerprint recognition.
complex spectral minutiae representation	fingerprint recognition
Relationship Proposal Networks.
relationship proposal networks
Multiple kernel learning based modality classification for medical images.
multiple kernel learning based modality classification	medical images
Boosted multi-task learning for face verification with applications to web image and video search.
boosted multi-task learning	video search	web image	face verification
Enhancing Video Summarization via Vision-Language Embedding.
enhancing video summarization	vision-language embedding
Inverting Visual Representations with Convolutional Networks.
inverting visual representations	convolutional networks
Improving local learning for object categorization by exploring the effects of ranking.
improving local learning	object categorization
Highlight Detection with Pairwise Deep Ranking for First-Person Video Summarization.
first-person video summarization	pairwise deep ranking	highlight detection
Convolutional Neural Network Architecture for Geometric Matching.
convolutional neural network architecture	geometric matching
Recursive Recurrent Nets with Attention Modeling for OCR in the Wild.
recursive recurrent nets	attention modeling
Structure from motion blur in low light.
motion blur	low light
Zero-shot object recognition by semantic manifold distance.
semantic manifold distance	zero-shot object recognition
A polynomial-time bound for matching and registration with outliers.
polynomial-time bound
A Lazy Man's Approach to Benchmarking: Semisupervised Classifier Evaluation and Recalibration.
semisupervised classifier evaluation	lazy man
I Know That Person: Generative Full Body and Face De-identification of People in Images.
generative full body	face de-identification
Winding Number for Region-Boundary Consistent Salient Contour Extraction.
region-boundary consistent salient contour extraction	winding number
Group-specific score normalization for biometric systems.
group-specific score normalization	biometric systems
Shape Variation-Based Frieze Pattern for Robust Gait Recognition.
shape variation-based frieze pattern	robust gait recognition
Stereo depth with a Unified Architecture GPU.
unified architecture gpu	stereo depth
A semi-supervised approach for ice-water classification using dual-polarization SAR satellite imagery.
dual-polarization sar satellite imagery	ice-water classification	semi-supervised approach
Internet video category recognition.
internet video category recognition
Kernel Fukunaga-Koontz Transform Subspaces For Enhanced Face Recognition.
kernel fukunaga-koontz transform subspaces	enhanced face recognition
Leveraging social network information to recognize people.
leveraging social network information	recognize people
Piecewise planar and non-planar stereo for urban scene reconstruction.
urban scene reconstruction	piecewise planar	non-planar stereo
Exploring the Granularity of Sparsity in Convolutional Neural Networks.
convolutional neural networks
Measuring visual saliency by Site Entropy Rate.
measuring visual saliency	site entropy rate
Motion segmentation via robust subspace separation in the presence of outlying, incomplete, or corrupted trajectories.
robust subspace separation	corrupted trajectories	motion segmentation
Describing Textures in the Wild.
describing textures
Beyond spatial pooling: Fine-grained representation learning in multiple domains.
fine-grained representation learning	spatial pooling	multiple domains
MCMC Shape Sampling for Image Segmentation with Nonparametric Shape Priors.
mcmc shape sampling	nonparametric shape priors	image segmentation
Parsimonious Coding and Verification of Offline Handwritten Signatures.
offline handwritten signatures	parsimonious coding
How does person identity recognition help multi-person tracking?
person identity recognition	multi-person tracking
Learning hierarchical poselets for human parsing.
learning hierarchical poselets	human parsing
Speed/Accuracy Trade-Offs for Modern Convolutional Object Detectors.
modern convolutional object detectors	speed/accuracy trade-offs
Automatic Recognition of Emotions and Membership in Group Videos.
automatic recognition	group videos
Accurate eye center location and tracking using isophote curvature.
accurate eye center location	isophote curvature
Social Role Discovery in Human Events.
social role discovery	human events
Learning better image representations using 'flobject analysis'.
image representations	flobject analysis
3D model matching with Viewpoint-Invariant Patches (VIP).
3d model matching	viewpoint-invariant patches
UAV-Based Autonomous Image Acquisition with Multi-view Stereo Quality Assurance by Confidence Prediction.
uav-based autonomous image acquisition	multi-view stereo quality assurance	confidence prediction
Learning photographic global tonal adjustment with a database of input / output image pairs.
input / output image pairs	learning photographic global tonal adjustment
A Topological Approach to Hierarchical Segmentation using Mean Shift.
hierarchical segmentation	topological approach
SketchNet: Sketch Classification with Web Images.
sketch classification	web images
A Procrustean Markov Process for Non-rigid Structure Recovery.
non-rigid structure recovery	procrustean markov process
Symmetry Detection from RealWorld Images Competition 2013: Summary and Results.
realworld images competition 2013	symmetry detection
3D tracking in unknown environments using on-line keypoint learning for mobile augmented reality.
mobile augmented reality	on-line keypoint learning	unknown environments	3d tracking
Fast Rigid Motion Segmentation via Incrementally-Complex Local Models.
fast rigid motion segmentation	incrementally-complex local models
Boosting Coded Dynamic Features for Facial Action Units and Facial Expression Recognition.
boosting coded dynamic features	facial action units	facial expression recognition
Practical low-rank matrix approximation under robust L1-norm.
practical low-rank matrix approximation	robust l1-norm
Look into Person: Self-Supervised Structure-Sensitive Learning and a New Benchmark for Human Parsing.
self-supervised structure-sensitive learning	human parsing
Towards Good Practices for Action Video Encoding.
action video encoding	good practices
Projective Factorization of Multiple Rigid-Body Motions.
multiple rigid-body motions	projective factorization
Geodesic graph cut for interactive image segmentation.
geodesic graph cut	interactive image segmentation
Geometric modeling of tubular structures.
tubular structures	geometric modeling
Real-time tracking of multiple occluding objects using level sets.
multiple occluding objects	level sets	real-time tracking
Deep Multi-scale Convolutional Neural Network for Dynamic Scene Deblurring.
deep multi-scale convolutional neural network	dynamic scene deblurring
Comparing data-dependent and data-independent embeddings for classification and ranking of Internet images.
internet images	comparing data-dependent	data-independent embeddings
Scale invariance without scale selection.
scale invariance	scale selection
Learning general optical flow subspaces for egomotion estimation and detection of motion anomalies.
learning general optical flow subspaces	motion anomalies	egomotion estimation
Bimodal gender recognition from face and fingerprint.
bimodal gender recognition
Recognising Team Activities from Noisy Data.
recognising team activities	noisy data
Identifying sensors from fingerprint images.
fingerprint images	identifying sensors
Modeling Relationships in Referential Expressions with Compositional Modular Networks.
compositional modular networks	modeling relationships	referential expressions
Application of the Reeb Graph Technique to Vehicle Occupant's Head Detection in Low-resolution Range Images.
reeb graph technique	low-resolution range images	vehicle occupant	head detection
Reconstruction of super-resolution lung 4D-CT using patch-based sparse representation.
super-resolution lung 4d-ct	patch-based sparse representation
Data-Driven Flower Petal Modeling with Botany Priors.
data-driven flower petal modeling	botany priors
Template-Based Monocular 3D Recovery of Elastic Shapes Using Lagrangian Multipliers.
template-based monocular 3d recovery	lagrangian multipliers	elastic shapes
Deep Cross-Modal Hashing.
deep cross-modal hashing
Dynamic Scene Classification: Learning Motion Descriptors with Slow Features Analysis.
slow features analysis	dynamic scene classification	learning motion descriptors
Clustering dynamic textures with the hierarchical EM algorithm.
hierarchical em algorithm	clustering dynamic textures
On Fast Trackers that are Robust to Partial Occlusions.
fast trackers	partial occlusions
3D Human Pose Estimation from a Single Image via Distance Matrix Regression.
3d human pose estimation	distance matrix regression	single image
A Probabilistic Intensity Similarity Measure based on Noise Distributions.
probabilistic intensity similarity measure based	noise distributions
Discriminative Ferns Ensemble for Hand Pose Recognition.
hand pose recognition	discriminative ferns ensemble
Evaluation of Epipole Estimation Methods with/without Rank-2 Constraint across Algebraic/Geometric Error Functions.
algebraic/geometric error functions	epipole estimation methods	rank-2 constraint
Unsupervised Maximum Margin Feature Selection with manifold regularization.
unsupervised maximum margin feature selection	manifold regularization
Action unit detection with segment-based SVMs.
action unit detection	segment-based svms
Hidden Hands: Tracking Hands with an Occlusion Aware Tracker.
occlusion aware tracker	hidden hands	tracking hands
Combining brain computer interfaces with vision for object categorization.
combining brain computer interfaces	object categorization
Polyhedral Conic Classifiers for Visual Object Detection and Classification.
polyhedral conic classifiers	visual object detection
A Generative Model for Depth-Based Robust 3D Facial Pose Tracking.
depth-based robust 3d facial pose tracking	generative model
An efficient algorithm for compressed MR imaging using total variation and wavelets.
compressed mr imaging	efficient algorithm	total variation
Beyond Mahalanobis distance: Learning second-order discriminant function for people verification.
learning second-order discriminant function	mahalanobis distance	people verification
Learning Locally-Adaptive Decision Functions for Person Verification.
learning locally-adaptive decision functions	person verification
Subspace Interpolation via Dictionary Learning for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation.
unsupervised domain adaptation	subspace interpolation	dictionary learning
A Thermal Infrared Video Benchmark for Visual Analysis.
thermal infrared video benchmark	visual analysis
Consensus of Non-rigid Reconstructions.
non-rigid reconstructions
Resolution-Invariant Image Representation and its applications.
resolution-invariant image representation
A Modular NMF Matching Algorithm for Radiation Spectra.
modular nmf matching algorithm	radiation spectra
IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, CVPR Workshops 2011, Colorado Springs, CO, USA, 20-25 June, 2011
pattern recognition	ieee conference	cvpr workshops 2011	computer vision	20-25 june	colorado springs
ChaLearn Looking at People and Faces of the World: Face AnalysisWorkshop and Challenge 2016.
face analysisworkshop
DisturbLabel: Regularizing CNN on the Loss Layer.
loss layer	regularizing cnn
Multiple Target Tracking Based on Undirected Hierarchical Relation Hypergraph.
multiple target tracking based	undirected hierarchical relation hypergraph
Deep Learning Face Representation from Predicting 10, 000 Classes.
deep learning face representation
Hierarchical Feature Pooling with Structure Learning: A New Method for Pedestrian Detection.
hierarchical feature pooling	pedestrian detection	structure learning
Pose from Flow and Flow from Pose.
pose
A real-time high dynamic range HD video camera.
real-time high dynamic range hd video camera
Zero-Shot Learning - The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
zero-shot learning
A convex relaxation approach for computing minimal partitions.
convex relaxation approach	computing minimal partitions
Mobile product search with Bag of Hash Bits and boundary reranking.
mobile product search	boundary reranking	hash bits
Deep Metric Learning via Lifted Structured Feature Embedding.
lifted structured feature embedding	deep metric learning
Submodularization for Binary Pairwise Energies.
binary pairwise energies
GPS-Tag Refinement Using Random Walks with an Adaptive Damping Factor.
adaptive damping factor	gps-tag refinement	random walks
Tunable tensor voting improves grouping of membrane-bound macromolecules.
tunable tensor voting improves grouping	membrane-bound macromolecules
Action classification in still images using human eye movements.
human eye movements	action classification
Objects in Action: An Approach for Combining Action Understanding and Object Perception.
combining action understanding	object perception
PCL and ParaView - Connecting the dots.
dots
AVA: A large-scale database for aesthetic visual analysis.
aesthetic visual analysis	large-scale database
A two-frame theory of motion, lighting and shape.
two-frame theory
Category Modeling from Just a Single Labeling: Use Depth Information to Guide the Learning of 2D Models.
category modeling	depth information	2d models	single labeling
A Semi-automatic Methodology for Facial Landmark Annotation.
facial landmark annotation	semi-automatic methodology
Improving Training of Deep Neural Networks via Singular Value Bounding.
deep neural networks	improving training
DeepFool: A Simple and Accurate Method to Fool Deep Neural Networks.
fool deep neural networks	accurate method
Accelerated Generative Models for 3D Point Cloud Data.
3d point cloud data	accelerated generative models
A Non-local Low-Rank Framework for Ultrasound Speckle Reduction.
non-local low-rank framework	ultrasound speckle reduction
Object-graphs for context-aware category discovery.
context-aware category discovery
Groupwise Shape Registration on Raw Edge Sequence via A Spatio-Temporal Generative Model.
groupwise shape registration	raw edge sequence	spatio-temporal generative model
Joint action recognition and pose estimation from video.
joint action recognition	pose estimation
Bridging the past, present and future: Modeling scene activities from event relationships and global rules.
modeling scene activities	event relationships	global rules
Coupled label and intensity MRF models for IR target detection.
intensity mrf models	ir target detection	coupled label
Discriminative Learning of Dynamical Systems for Motion Tracking.
discriminative learning	motion tracking	dynamical systems
Deep MANTA: A Coarse-to-Fine Many-Task Network for Joint 2D and 3D Vehicle Analysis from Monocular Image.
3d vehicle analysis	coarse-to-fine many-task network	monocular image	deep manta	joint 2d
Predicting Matchability.
predicting matchability
High-Speed Visual Tracking of the Nearest Point of an Object Using 1, 000-fps Adaptive Pattern Projection.
000-fps adaptive pattern projection	high-speed visual tracking	nearest point
Reinforcement learning based visual attention with application to face detection.
reinforcement learning based visual attention	face detection
Detecting intended human objects in human-captured videos.
detecting intended human objects	human-captured videos
Automatic registration of mobile LiDAR and spherical panoramas.
mobile lidar	spherical panoramas	automatic registration
Deep Reinforcement Learning-Based Image Captioning with Embedding Reward.
deep reinforcement learning-based image captioning	embedding reward
Non-parametric Bayesian Constrained Local Models.
non-parametric bayesian constrained local models
Fast Target Recognition on Mobile Devices: Revisiting Gaussian Elimination for the Estimation of Planar Homographies.
revisiting gaussian elimination	fast target recognition	planar homographies	mobile devices
Learning descriptors for object recognition and 3D pose estimation.
3d pose estimation	object recognition	learning descriptors
Specular Highlight Removal in Facial Images.
specular highlight removal	facial images
A Real-Time ProCam System for Interaction with Chinese Ink-and-Wash Cartoons.
real-time procam system	chinese ink-and-wash cartoons
Content-Based Image Annotation Refinement.
content-based image annotation refinement
PoseTrack: Joint Multi-person Pose Estimation and Tracking.
joint multi-person pose estimation
Isogeometric finite-elements methods and variational reconstruction tasks in vision - A perfect match.
isogeometric finite-elements methods	variational reconstruction tasks	perfect match
Creating and exploring a large photorealistic virtual space.
large photorealistic virtual space
Face alignment by Explicit Shape Regression.
explicit shape regression	face alignment
EgoSampling: Fast-forward and stereo for egocentric videos.
egocentric videos
A Bayesian Framework for the Local Configuration of Retinal Junctions.
bayesian framework	local configuration	retinal junctions
Minimal Scene Descriptions from Structure from Motion Models.
minimal scene descriptions	motion models
Multiview Shape and Reflectance from Natural Illumination.
multiview shape	natural illumination
Utilizing semantic word similarity measures for video retrieval.
utilizing semantic word similarity measures	video retrieval
Heterogeneous structure fusion for Target Recognition in infrared imagery.
heterogeneous structure fusion	target recognition	infrared imagery
Detection of Metadata Tampering Through Discrepancy Between Image Content and Metadata Using Multi-task Deep Learning.
multi-task deep learning	image content
Deep visual-semantic alignments for generating image descriptions.
deep visual-semantic alignments	generating image descriptions
Inextensible Non-Rigid Shape-from-Motion by Second-Order Cone Programming.
inextensible non-rigid shape-from-motion	second-order cone programming
Reliable detection of core and delta in fingerprints by using singular candidate method.
singular candidate method	reliable detection
A Novel Detection Paradigm and Its Comparison to Statistical and Kernel-Based Anomaly Detection Algorithms for Hyperspectral Imagery.
kernel-based anomaly detection algorithms	detection paradigm	hyperspectral imagery
Crossing Nets: Combining GANs and VAEs with a Shared Latent Space for Hand Pose Estimation.
hand pose estimation	shared latent space	crossing nets	combining gans
Scanline Sampler without Detailed Balance: An Efficient MCMC for MRF Optimization.
mrf optimization	scanline sampler	detailed balance	efficient mcmc
Optimal spatio-temporal path discovery for video event detection.
optimal spatio-temporal path discovery	video event detection
Quasi Real-Time Summarization for Consumer Videos.
quasi real-time summarization	consumer videos
RGB-D Scene Labeling with Multimodal Recurrent Neural Networks.
multimodal recurrent neural networks	scene labeling
A Large Dataset to Train Convolutional Networks for Disparity, Optical Flow, and Scene Flow Estimation.
train convolutional networks	scene flow estimation	optical flow	large dataset
Fine-Grained Crowdsourcing for Fine-Grained Recognition.
fine-grained recognition	fine-grained crowdsourcing
Separating rigid motion from linear local deformation models.
linear local deformation models	separating rigid motion
Joint Conditional Random Field of multiple views with online learning for image-based rendering.
joint conditional random field	multiple views	image-based rendering	online learning
Deep Sliding Shapes for Amodal 3D Object Detection in RGB-D Images.
amodal 3d object detection	deep sliding shapes
YouTube-BoundingBoxes: A Large High-Precision Human-Annotated Data Set for Object Detection in Video.
large high-precision human-annotated data set	object detection
Background subtraction in highly dynamic scenes.
highly dynamic scenes	background subtraction
Rank priors for continuous non-linear dimensionality reduction.
continuous non-linear dimensionality reduction	rank priors
Transparent watermarking using bidirectional imaging.
bidirectional imaging	transparent watermarking
Robust video segment proposals with painless occlusion handling.
robust video segment proposals	painless occlusion handling
Inertial sensor-aligned visual feature descriptors.
inertial sensor-aligned visual feature descriptors
Semi-supervised Vocabulary-Informed Learning.
semi-supervised vocabulary-informed learning
Semantic Instance Annotation of Street Scenes by 3D to 2D Label Transfer.
2d label transfer	semantic instance annotation	street scenes
Color Analysis of Facial Skin: Detection of Emotional State.
facial skin	emotional state	color analysis
Deep Multitask Architecture for Integrated 2D and 3D Human Sensing.
deep multitask architecture	3d human sensing	integrated 2d
Finite Element based sequential Bayesian Non-Rigid Structure from Motion.
finite element based sequential bayesian non-rigid structure
Generalized Domain-Adaptive Dictionaries.
generalized domain-adaptive dictionaries
Recognizing Human Activities from Silhouettes: Motion Subspace and Factorial Discriminative Graphical Model.
factorial discriminative graphical model	recognizing human activities	motion subspace
Graph-based tracking of the tongue contour in ultrasound sequences with adaptive temporal regularization.
adaptive temporal regularization	tongue contour	graph-based tracking	ultrasound sequences
Stereo Matching with Color and Monochrome Cameras in Low-Light Conditions.
low-light conditions	monochrome cameras	stereo matching
Generative Adversarial Learning for Reducing Manual Annotation in Semantic Segmentation on Large Scale Miscroscopy Images: Automated Vessel Segmentation in Retinal Fundus Image as Test Case.
large scale miscroscopy images	reducing manual annotation	generative adversarial learning	retinal fundus image	automated vessel segmentation	semantic segmentation	test case
Multipoint Filtering with Local Polynomial Approximation and Range Guidance.
local polynomial approximation	range guidance	multipoint filtering
DeepPermNet: Visual Permutation Learning.
visual permutation learning
Multi-modal Mean-Fields via Cardinality-Based Clamping.
cardinality-based clamping	multi-modal mean-fields
HO2: A new feature for multi-agent event detection and recognition.
multi-agent event detection
Compression of surface registrations using Beltrami coefficients.
surface registrations	beltrami coefficients
Optimized Color Sampling for Robust Matting.
optimized color sampling	robust matting
Simultaneous clustering and tracking unknown number of objects.
tracking unknown number	simultaneous clustering
Discriminant Additive Tangent Spaces for Object Recognition.
discriminant additive tangent spaces	object recognition
Playing games as a way to improve automatic image annotation.
improve automatic image annotation	playing games
Adaptive color classification for structured light systems.
adaptive color classification	structured light systems
No-reference Harmony-Guided Quality Assessment.
no-reference harmony-guided quality assessment
Pixelwise Instance Segmentation with a Dynamically Instantiated Network.
dynamically instantiated network	pixelwise instance segmentation
Blind separation of superimposed images with unknown motions.
unknown motions	superimposed images	blind separation
An MRF and Gaussian Curvature Based Shape Representation for Shape Matching.
gaussian curvature based shape representation	shape matching
3D landmark model discovery from a registered set of organic shapes.
3d landmark model discovery	registered set	organic shapes
Global Optimization for Shape Fitting.
shape fitting	global optimization
Kernel-Based 3D Tracking.
kernel-based 3d tracking
A Loopy Belief Propagation approach for robust background estimation.
loopy belief propagation approach	robust background estimation
Regression tracking with data relevance determination.
data relevance determination	regression tracking
Tensor-Based Human Body Modeling.
tensor-based human body modeling
Fast Keypoint Recognition in Ten Lines of Code.
fast keypoint recognition	ten lines
Efficient Detector Adaptation for Object Detection in a Video.
efficient detector adaptation	object detection
Scene Text Recognition Using Part-Based Tree-Structured Character Detection.
part-based tree-structured character detection	scene text recognition
Instance-Weighted Transfer Learning of Active Appearance Models.
active appearance models	instance-weighted transfer learning
Toward coherent object detection and scene layout understanding.
scene layout understanding	coherent object detection
Sparse Bayesian multi-task learning for predicting cognitive outcomes from neuroimaging measures in Alzheimer's disease.
sparse bayesian multi-task learning	predicting cognitive outcomes	neuroimaging measures
A Study on Cross-Population Age Estimation.
cross-population age estimation
Multi-context Attention for Human Pose Estimation.
human pose estimation	multi-context attention
Uncalibrated synthetic aperture for defocus control.
uncalibrated synthetic aperture	defocus control
Regressing Robust and Discriminative 3D Morphable Models with a Very Deep Neural Network.
discriminative 3d morphable models	deep neural network	regressing robust
Learning an Invariant Hilbert Space for Domain Adaptation.
invariant hilbert space	domain adaptation
Pedestrian association and localization in monocular FIR video sequence.
monocular fir video sequence	pedestrian association
STD2P: RGBD Semantic Segmentation Using Spatio-Temporal Data-Driven Pooling.
spatio-temporal data-driven pooling	rgbd semantic segmentation
Integrating LIDAR Range Scans and Photographs with Temporal Changes.
integrating lidar range scans
Robust Scale Estimation in Real-Time Monocular SFM for Autonomous Driving.
robust scale estimation	real-time monocular sfm	autonomous driving
Cartesian K-Means.
cartesian k-means
Poselet Key-Framing: A Model for Human Activity Recognition.
human activity recognition	poselet key-framing
Multi-manifold deep metric learning for image set classification.
multi-manifold deep metric learning	image set classification
What Camera Motion Reveals about Shape with Unknown BRDF.
camera motion reveals	unknown brdf
Evaluation of spatio-temporal regional features For 3D face analysis.
spatio-temporal regional features	3d face analysis
Visual classification with multi-task joint sparse representation.
multi-task joint sparse representation	visual classification
Estimating camera response functions using probabilistic intensity similarity.
estimating camera response functions	probabilistic intensity similarity
The Note-Taker: An assistive technology that allows students who are legally blind to take notes in the classroom.
assistive technology	legally blind
Inferring Grammar-based Structure Models from 3D Microscopy Data.
inferring grammar-based structure models	3d microscopy data
A Deeper Look at Saliency: Feature Contrast, Semantics, and Beyond.
feature contrast
Incorporating On-demand Stereo for Real Time Recognition.
real time recognition	incorporating on-demand stereo
The Impact of Typicality for Informative Representative Selection.
informative representative selection
The effective resolution of correlation filters applied to natural scenes.
correlation filters applied	effective resolution	natural scenes
Robust tensor factorization using R1 norm.
robust tensor factorization	r1 norm
Salient object detection via bootstrap learning.
salient object detection	bootstrap learning
SphereFace: Deep Hypersphere Embedding for Face Recognition.
deep hypersphere embedding	face recognition
ChaLearn Looking at People 2015 challenges: Action spotting and cultural event recognition.
cultural event recognition	people 2015 challenges	action spotting
Reliable Posterior Probability Estimation for Streaming Face Recognition.
reliable posterior probability estimation	streaming face recognition
Fast axis estimation from a segment of rotationally symmetric object.
rotationally symmetric object	fast axis estimation
Tensor Canonical Correlation Analysis for Action Classification.
tensor canonical correlation analysis	action classification
Learning to generate chairs with convolutional neural networks.
convolutional neural networks	generate chairs
Face verification on color images using local features.
local features	face verification	color images
A Minimal Solution to the Generalized Pose-and-Scale Problem.
generalized pose-and-scale problem	minimal solution
Real-Time 3D Model Tracking in Color and Depth on a Single CPU Core.
real-time 3d model tracking	single cpu core
IARPA Janus Benchmark-B Face Dataset.
iarpa janus benchmark-	face dataset
Vector array based Multi-View Face Detection with compound exemplars.
vector array based multi-view face detection	compound exemplars
Bridging the Gap between Detection and Tracking for 3D Monocular Video-Based Motion Capture.
3d monocular video-based motion capture
ASP Vision: Optically Computing the First Layer of Convolutional Neural Networks Using Angle Sensitive Pixels.
angle sensitive pixels	convolutional neural networks	optically computing	asp vision
Deep Structured Learning for Facial Action Unit Intensity Estimation.
facial action unit intensity estimation	deep structured learning
Variational Deformation Method for the Computation of the Average Shape of Organs.
variational deformation method	average shape
Bayesian Supervised Hashing.
bayesian supervised hashing
An empirical Bayes approach to contextual region classification.
empirical bayes approach	contextual region classification
Real Time Complete Dense Depth Reconstruction for a Monocular Camera.
real time complete dense depth reconstruction	monocular camera
Intrinsic image decomposition with non-local texture cues.
intrinsic image decomposition	non-local texture cues
Court-Based Volleyball Video Summarization Focusing on Rally Scene.
court-based volleyball video summarization focusing	rally scene
Semantic Segmentation via Structured Patch Prediction, Context CRF and Guidance CRF.
structured patch prediction	context crf	guidance crf	semantic segmentation
Understanding and evaluating blind deconvolution algorithms.
evaluating blind deconvolution algorithms
Image-to-Image Translation with Conditional Adversarial Networks.
conditional adversarial networks	image-to-image translation
Deep Age Distribution Learning for Apparent Age Estimation.
deep age distribution learning	apparent age estimation
It's Not Polite to Point: Describing People with Uncertain Attributes.
uncertain attributes	describing people
Context-aware saliency detection.
context-aware saliency detection
Finding Matches in a Haystack: A Max-Pooling Strategy for Graph Matching in the Presence of Outliers.
finding matches	graph matching	max-pooling strategy
Recognition by association via learning per-exemplar distances.
learning per-exemplar distances
Super-resolution from image sequence under influence of hot-air optical turbulence.
hot-air optical turbulence	image sequence
Learning Collections of Part Models for Object Recognition.
learning collections	object recognition	part models
Recognizing scene viewpoint using panoramic place representation.
recognizing scene viewpoint	panoramic place representation
On the design of robust classifiers for computer vision.
computer vision	robust classifiers
Fast and exact solution of Total Variation models on the GPU.
total variation models	exact solution
Locality-constrained Linear Coding for image classification.
locality-constrained linear coding	image classification
Making the right moves: Guiding alpha-expansion using local primal-dual gaps.
local primal-dual gaps	guiding alpha-expansion
Segmentation of left ventricle from 3D cardiac MR image sequences using a subject-specific dynamical model.
3d cardiac mr image sequences	subject-specific dynamical model	left ventricle
DevNet: A Deep Event Network for multimedia event detection and evidence recounting.
deep event network	multimedia event detection	evidence recounting
Two Illuminant Estimation and User Correction Preference.
user correction preference	illuminant estimation
Matrix-Structural Learning (MSL) of Cascaded Classifier from Enormous Training Set.
enormous training set	cascaded classifier	matrix-structural learning
l2, 1 Regularized correntropy for robust feature selection.
robust feature selection	1 regularized correntropy
Learning to Extract Semantic Structure from Documents Using Multimodal Fully Convolutional Neural Networks.
multimodal fully convolutional neural networks	extract semantic structure
Constrained Optimization for Retinal Curvature Estimation Using an Affine Camera.
retinal curvature estimation	affine camera	constrained optimization
Multi-view 3D human pose estimation combining single-frame recovery, temporal integration and model adaptation.
multi-view 3d human pose estimation combining single-frame recovery	temporal integration	model adaptation
A swarm intelligence based searching strategy for articulated 3D human body tracking.
swarm intelligence based searching strategy	articulated 3d human body tracking
From Noise Modeling to Blind Image Denoising.
blind image denoising	noise modeling
Scene Labeling Using Beam Search under Mutex Constraints.
scene labeling	beam search	mutex constraints
Hockey Action Recognition via Integrated Stacked Hourglass Network.
integrated stacked hourglass network	hockey action recognition
Object recognition with hierarchical kernel descriptors.
hierarchical kernel descriptors	object recognition
Partial Matchings and Growth Mapped Evolutions in Shape Spaces.
growth mapped evolutions	shape spaces	partial matchings
First-person pose recognition using egocentric workspaces.
first-person pose recognition	egocentric workspaces
Sasaki metrics for analysis of longitudinal data on manifolds.
sasaki metrics	longitudinal data
Weakly Supervised Actor-Action Segmentation via Robust Multi-task Ranking.
weakly supervised actor-action segmentation	robust multi-task ranking
Nonlinear Dynamical Shape Priors for Level Set Segmentation.
nonlinear dynamical shape priors	level set segmentation
Detecting Specular Surfaces on Natural Images.
detecting specular surfaces	natural images
Sharing features in multi-class boosting via group sparsity.
sharing features	multi-class boosting	group sparsity
Object cosegmentation.
object cosegmentation
A rank-order distance based clustering algorithm for face tagging.
rank-order distance based clustering algorithm	face tagging
Cascaded Interactional Targeting Network for Egocentric Video Analysis.
cascaded interactional targeting network	egocentric video analysis
A Point Set Generation Network for 3D Object Reconstruction from a Single Image.
point set generation network	3d object reconstruction	single image
Image super-resolution using gradient profile prior.
gradient profile prior	image super-resolution
Statistical shape modelling: How many modes should be retained?
statistical shape modelling
Applying action attribute class validation to improve human activity recognition.
applying action attribute class validation	improve human activity recognition
The MegaFace Benchmark: 1 Million Faces for Recognition at Scale.
1 million faces	megaface benchmark
Graph-Regularized Generalized Low-Rank Models.
graph-regularized generalized low-rank models
Vanishing point detection for road detection.
vanishing point detection	road detection
Learning optimized MAP estimates in continuously-valued MRF models.
learning optimized map estimates	continuously-valued mrf models
A-Fast-RCNN: Hard Positive Generation via Adversary for Object Detection.
hard positive generation	object detection
Detecting Object Boundaries Using Low-, Mid-, and High-level Information.
detecting object boundaries	high-level information
Robust Canonical Time Warping for the Alignment of Grossly Corrupted Sequences.
robust canonical time warping	grossly corrupted sequences
Detecting Pedestrians by Learning Shapelet Features.
learning shapelet features	detecting pedestrians
Efficient Large-Scale Similarity Search Using Matrix Factorization.
efficient large-scale similarity search	matrix factorization
Regularizing max-margin exemplars by reconstruction and generative models.
regularizing max-margin exemplars	generative models
Information Bottleneck Learning Using Privileged Information for Visual Recognition.
information bottleneck learning	privileged information	visual recognition
Synchronization and rolling shutter compensation for consumer video camera arrays.
consumer video camera arrays	rolling shutter compensation
Parsing Occluded People.
parsing occluded people
Self-Adaptive Matrix Completion for Heart Rate Estimation from Face Videos under Realistic Conditions.
self-adaptive matrix completion	heart rate estimation	realistic conditions	face videos
Dimensionality reduction by unsupervised regression.
unsupervised regression	dimensionality reduction
Fully Convolutional Instance-Aware Semantic Segmentation.
fully convolutional instance-aware semantic segmentation
Finding Anomalies with Generative Adversarial Networks for a Patrolbot.
generative adversarial networks	finding anomalies
Beyond frontal faces: Improving Person Recognition using multiple cues.
improving person recognition	frontal faces	multiple cues
T-Linkage: A Continuous Relaxation of J-Linkage for Multi-model Fitting.
continuous relaxation	multi-model fitting
Automatic texture mapping on real 3D model.
real 3d model	automatic texture mapping
Query-specific visual semantic spaces for web image re-ranking.
query-specific visual semantic spaces	web image re-ranking
VisKE: Visual knowledge extraction and question answering by visual verification of relation phrases.
visual knowledge extraction	visual verification	relation phrases	question answering
Measuring Glide-Reflection Symmetry in Human Movements Using Elastic Shape Analysis.
elastic shape analysis	measuring glide-reflection symmetry	human movements
Hedgehog Shape Priors for Multi-Object Segmentation.
hedgehog shape priors	multi-object segmentation
Kernel Pooling for Convolutional Neural Networks.
convolutional neural networks	kernel pooling
Particle filter with state permutations for solving image jigsaw puzzles.
solving image jigsaw puzzles	state permutations	particle filter
A Survey on Rotation Optimization in Structure from Motion.
rotation optimization
DASC: Dense adaptive self-correlation descriptor for multi-modal and multi-spectral correspondence.
dense adaptive self-correlation descriptor	multi-spectral correspondence
What you saw is not what you get: Domain adaptation using asymmetric kernel transforms.
asymmetric kernel transforms	domain adaptation
Quasi-dense 3D reconstruction using tensor-based multiview stereo.
tensor-based multiview stereo	quasi-dense 3d reconstruction
Efficient scan-window based object detection using GPGPU.
efficient scan-window based object detection
Marginal Loss for Deep Face Recognition.
deep face recognition	marginal loss
Global connectivity potentials for random field models.
random field models	global connectivity potentials
Associating neural word embeddings with deep image representations using Fisher Vectors.
associating neural word embeddings	deep image representations	fisher vectors
Automatic discovery of groups of objects for scene understanding.
scene understanding	automatic discovery
Learnt Quasi-Transitive Similarity for Retrieval from Large Collections of Faces.
learnt quasi-transitive similarity	large collections
A Nonparametric Treatment for Location/Segmentation Based Visual Tracking.
location/segmentation based visual tracking	nonparametric treatment
Explaining the Unexplained: A CLass-Enhanced Attentive Response (CLEAR) Approach to Understanding Deep Neural Networks.
understanding deep neural networks	class-enhanced attentive response
Face recognition in unconstrained videos with matched background similarity.
matched background similarity	face recognition	unconstrained videos
Spatio-temporal alignment and hyperspherical radon transform for 3D gait recognition in multi-view environments.
hyperspherical radon transform	3d gait recognition	multi-view environments	spatio-temporal alignment
Dense Non-rigid Point-Matching Using Random Projections.
dense non-rigid point-matching	random projections
A Comprehensive Analysis of Deep Learning Based Representation for Face Recognition.
deep learning based representation	comprehensive analysis	face recognition
Locally Adaptive Color Correction for Underwater Image Dehazing and Matching.
locally adaptive color correction	underwater image dehazing
Face image retrieval by shape manipulation.
face image retrieval	shape manipulation
Real-Time Posture Analysis in a Crowd using Thermal Imaging.
real-time posture analysis	thermal imaging
A Compute-Efficient Algorithm for Robust Eyebrow Detection.
robust eyebrow detection	compute-efficient algorithm
Optical flow in the presence of spatially-varying motion blur.
spatially-varying motion blur	optical flow
Optimal coded sampling for temporal super-resolution.
optimal coded sampling	temporal super-resolution
Detector discovery in the wild: Joint multiple instance and representation learning.
joint multiple instance	representation learning	detector discovery
Sparse approximated nearest points for image set classification.
sparse approximated nearest points	image set classification
Simultaneous identification and tracking of moving targets.
simultaneous identification	moving targets
Fast recursive ensemble convolution of Haar-like features.
fast recursive ensemble convolution
Light field denoising, light field superresolution and stereo camera based refocussing using a GMM light field patch prior.
gmm light field patch prior	stereo camera based refocussing	light field superresolution	light field denoising
Minutiae-Based Matching State Model for Combinations in Fingerprint Matching System.
minutiae-based matching state model	fingerprint matching system
What makes an image memorable?
image memorable
Efficient activity detection with max-subgraph search.
efficient activity detection	max-subgraph search
Part-based multiple-person tracking with partial occlusion handling.
part-based multiple-person tracking	partial occlusion handling
Convex reduction of high-dimensional kernels for visual classification.
visual classification	convex reduction	high-dimensional kernels
Learning Important Spatial Pooling Regions for Scene Classification.
learning important spatial pooling regions	scene classification
A Bayesian Non-Gaussian Mixture Analysis: Application to Eye Modeling.
bayesian non-gaussian mixture analysis	eye modeling
Enforcing topological constraints in random field image segmentation.
random field image segmentation	enforcing topological constraints
Semi-supervised learning with explicit relationship regularization.
explicit relationship regularization	semi-supervised learning
Robust feature selection in resting-state fMRI connectivity based on population studies.
resting-state fmri connectivity based	robust feature selection	population studies
Graph-Laplacian PCA: Closed-Form Solution and Robustness.
graph-laplacian pca	closed-form solution
Real-time anomaly detection and localization in crowded scenes.
real-time anomaly detection	crowded scenes
Topology-preserving Geometric Deformable Model on Adaptive Quadtree Grid.
topology-preserving geometric deformable model	adaptive quadtree grid
Online multimodal video registration based on shape matching.
online multimodal video registration based	shape matching
Link the Head to the "Beak": Zero Shot Learning from Noisy Text Description at Part Precision.
noisy text description	shot learning	part precision
Shading illusion: A novel way for 3-D representation on paper media.
shading illusion	paper media
Automatic initialization and tracking using attentional mechanisms.
attentional mechanisms	automatic initialization
Finding iconic images.
finding iconic images
Label Propagation from ImageNet to 3D Point Clouds.
3d point clouds	label propagation
On deep generative models with applications to recognition.
deep generative models
Automation of dormant pruning in specialty crop production: An adaptive framework for automatic reconstruction and modeling of apple trees.
specialty crop production	apple trees	dormant pruning	adaptive framework	automatic reconstruction
Photometric stereo using graph cut and M-estimation for a virtual tumulus in the presence of highlights and shadows.
virtual tumulus	graph cut	photometric stereo
Noise suppression in low-light images through joint denoising and demosaicing.
low-light images	noise suppression	joint denoising
Stochastic Deconvolution.
stochastic deconvolution
Learning semantic visual vocabularies using diffusion distance.
learning semantic visual vocabularies	diffusion distance
Object Skeleton Extraction in Natural Images by Fusing Scale-Associated Deep Side Outputs.
object skeleton extraction	deep side outputs	fusing scale-	natural images
Semantic Filtering.
semantic filtering
Point cloud matching based on 3D self-similarity.
point cloud matching based	3d self-similarity
Spatially Aware Dictionary Learning and Coding for Fossil Pollen Identification.
spatially aware dictionary learning	fossil pollen identification
An Efficient Minimal Solution for Infinitesimal Camera Motion.
efficient minimal solution	infinitesimal camera motion
Refining Architectures of Deep Convolutional Neural Networks.
deep convolutional neural networks	refining architectures
Infrared Variation Optimized Deep Convolutional Neural Network for Robust Automatic Ground Target Recognition.
infrared variation optimized deep convolutional neural network	robust automatic ground target recognition
Detecting and matching repeated patterns for automatic geo-tagging in urban environments.
matching repeated patterns	automatic geo-tagging	urban environments
Discovery of social relationships in consumer photo collections using Markov Logic.
consumer photo collections	social relationships	markov logic
High-resolution modeling of moving and deforming objects using sparse geometric and dense photometric measurements.
dense photometric measurements	high-resolution modeling	deforming objects	sparse geometric
Backscatter Compensated Photometric Stereo with 3 Sources.
backscatter compensated photometric stereo
SphereFlow: 6 DoF Scene Flow from RGB-D Pairs.
6 dof scene flow
Support vector regression for multi-view gait recognition based on local motion feature selection.
local motion feature selection	multi-view gait recognition based	support vector regression
Moving Forward in Structure From Motion.
moving forward
Fine-to-Coarse Global Registration of RGB-D Scans.
fine-to-coarse global registration
Sparse Subspace Denoising for Image Manifolds.
sparse subspace denoising	image manifolds
SWIGS: A Swift Guided Sampling Method.
swift guided sampling method
The aperture problem for refractive motion.
refractive motion	aperture problem
A New Rank Constraint on Multi-view Fundamental Matrices, and Its Application to Camera Location Recovery.
multi-view fundamental matrices	camera location recovery	rank constraint
Look at the Driver, Look at the Road: No Distraction! No Accident!
accident
The Extended Cohn-Kanade Dataset (CK+): A complete dataset for action unit and emotion-specified expression.
extended cohn-kanade dataset	complete dataset	action unit
Fusion of Palmprint and Palm Vein Images for Person Recognition Based on "Laplacianpalm" Feature.
person recognition based	palm vein images
Dual distributions of multilinear geometric entities.
multilinear geometric entities	dual distributions
Modeling Mutual Visibility Relationship in Pedestrian Detection.
modeling mutual visibility relationship	pedestrian detection
Flat refractive geometry.
flat refractive geometry
RelCom: Relational combinatorics features for rapid object detection.
rapid object detection	relational combinatorics features
Towards Auto-calibration of Smart Phones Using Orientation Sensors.
orientation sensors	smart phones
Low-Cost Compressive Sensing for Color Video and Depth.
low-cost compressive sensing	color video
From contours to regions: An empirical evaluation.
empirical evaluation
Stream-based joint exploration-exploitation active learning.
stream-based joint exploration-exploitation active learning
Incorporating Scene Context and Object Layout into Appearance Modeling.
incorporating scene context	object layout	appearance modeling
An optimized Silicon Retina stereo matching algorithm using time-space correlation.
optimized silicon retina stereo matching algorithm	time-space correlation
Refractive height fields from single and multiple images.
refractive height fields	multiple images
Action recognition based on a bag of 3D points.
action recognition based	3d points
Boosting descriptors condensed from video sequences for place recognition.
boosting descriptors condensed	video sequences	place recognition
Simultaneous video defogging and stereo reconstruction.
simultaneous video defogging	stereo reconstruction
"Who are you?" - Learning person specific classifiers from video.
learning person specific classifiers
Continuous Visibility Feature.
continuous visibility feature
A New Perspective on Uncalibrated Photometric Stereo.
uncalibrated photometric stereo
Real-time airport security checkpoint surveillance using a camera network.
real-time airport security checkpoint surveillance	camera network
Non-rigid tracking of musk shrews in video for detection of emetic episodes.
non-rigid tracking	emetic episodes	musk shrews
NTIRE 2017 Challenge on Single Image Super-Resolution: Dataset and Study.
single image super-resolution	ntire 2017 challenge
A user-friendly method to geometrically calibrate projector-camera systems.
geometrically calibrate projector-camera systems	user-friendly method
The Shape-Time Random Field for Semantic Video Labeling.
semantic video labeling	shape-time random field
Human Identification using Gait and Face.
human identification
A framework for ultra high resolution 3D imaging.
ultra high resolution 3d imaging
Spatially Adaptive Computation Time for Residual Networks.
spatially adaptive computation time	residual networks
Fast k nearest neighbor search using GPU.
nearest neighbor search
Image segmentation with a parametric deformable model using shape and appearance priors.
parametric deformable model	appearance priors	image segmentation
Filmy Cloud Removal on Satellite Imagery with Multispectral Conditional Generative Adversarial Nets.
multispectral conditional generative adversarial nets	filmy cloud removal	satellite imagery
Facial marks as biometric signatures to distinguish between identical twins.
identical twins	biometric signatures	facial marks
Image decomposition into structure and texture subcomponents with multifrequency modulation constraints.
multifrequency modulation constraints	image decomposition	texture subcomponents
Learning from Synthetic Humans.
synthetic humans
Chaotic invariants of Lagrangian particle trajectories for anomaly detection in crowded scenes.
lagrangian particle trajectories	anomaly detection	chaotic invariants	crowded scenes
Modeling images as mixtures of reference images.
modeling images	reference images
A Comparison of Human and Automated Face Verification Accuracy on Unconstrained Image Sets.
automated face verification accuracy	unconstrained image sets
From appearance to context-based recognition: Dense labeling in small images.
context-based recognition	dense labeling	small images
A learning-based framework for depth ordering.
depth ordering	learning-based framework
Parsing clothing in fashion photographs.
fashion photographs	parsing clothing
Event-driven stereo vision for fall detection.
event-driven stereo vision	fall detection
Fine-grained classification of pedestrians in video: Benchmark and state of the art.
fine-grained classification
Person Re-identification by Deep Learning Attribute-Complementary Information.
deep learning attribute-complementary information	person re-identification
Illumination estimation and cast shadow detection through a higher-order graphical model.
higher-order graphical model	cast shadow detection	illumination estimation
Four Dimensional Image Registration for Intravital Microscopy.
dimensional image registration	intravital microscopy
Exploiting simple hierarchies for unsupervised human behavior analysis.
unsupervised human behavior analysis	exploiting simple hierarchies
Fast Multiple-Part Based Object Detection Using KD-Ferns.
fast multiple-part based object detection
Single image 3D human pose estimation from noisy observations.
single image 3d human pose estimation	noisy observations
Semi-coupled dictionary learning with applications to image super-resolution and photo-sketch synthesis.
semi-coupled dictionary learning	image super-resolution	photo-sketch synthesis
Equiangular Kernel Dictionary Learning with Applications to Dynamic Texture Analysis.
equiangular kernel dictionary learning	dynamic texture analysis
Non-intrusive Iris Image Capturing System Using Light Stripe Projection and Pan-Tilt-Zoom Camera.
non-intrusive iris image capturing system	light stripe projection	pan-tilt-zoom camera
2017 IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition Workshops, CVPR Workshops, Honolulu, HI, USA, July 21-26, 2017
pattern recognition workshops	cvpr workshops	2017 ieee conference	july 21-26	computer vision
Better Exploiting Motion for Better Action Recognition.
exploiting motion	action recognition
Active sampling via tracking.
active sampling
Predicting Object Dynamics in Scenes.
predicting object dynamics
Privacy-Preserving Understanding of Human Body Orientation for Smart Meetings.
human body orientation	privacy-preserving understanding	smart meetings
Matching images under unstable segmentations.
unstable segmentations	matching images
Single-Image Crowd Counting via Multi-Column Convolutional Neural Network.
multi-column convolutional neural network	single-image crowd counting
Real time head pose estimation with random regression forests.
real time head pose estimation	random regression forests
Discriminately decreasing discriminability with learned image filters.
discriminately decreasing discriminability	learned image filters
Exploiting Reflectional and Rotational Invariance in Single Image Superresolution.
single image superresolution	rotational invariance	exploiting reflectional
AcFR: Active Face Recognition Using Convolutional Neural Networks.
convolutional neural networks	active face recognition
Joint tracking and segmentation of multiple targets.
joint tracking	multiple targets
Fast image search for learned metrics.
fast image search	learned metrics
Enforcing similarity constraints with integer programming for better scene text recognition.
enforcing similarity constraints	scene text recognition	integer programming
Global supervised descent method.
global supervised descent method
Gaze Embeddings for Zero-Shot Image Classification.
zero-shot image classification	gaze embeddings
Constructing Canonical Regions for Fast and Effective View Selection.
effective view selection	constructing canonical regions
Persistence-Based Structural Recognition.
persistence-based structural recognition
Designing Energy-Efficient Convolutional Neural Networks Using Energy-Aware Pruning.
designing energy-efficient convolutional neural networks	energy-aware pruning
A Non-invasive Method for Measuring Blood Flow Rate in Superficial Veins from a Single Thermal Image.
measuring blood flow rate	single thermal image	non-invasive method	superficial veins
From image-level to pixel-level labeling with Convolutional Networks.
convolutional networks	pixel-level labeling
Locally Orderless Tracking.
locally orderless tracking
Simplex-Based 3D Spatio-temporal Feature Description for Action Recognition.
simplex-based 3d spatio-temporal feature description	action recognition
Classifier adaptation at prediction time.
prediction time	classifier adaptation
Automatically discovering local visual material attributes.
automatically discovering local visual material attributes
An implicit spatiotemporal shape model for human activity localization and recognition.
implicit spatiotemporal shape model	human activity localization
Photometric Self-Calibration of a Projector-Camera System.
projector-camera system	photometric self-calibration
Analysing the Structure of Collagen Fibres in SBFSEM Images.
sbfsem images	collagen fibres
Multi-modal Score Fusion and Decision Trees for Explainable Automatic Job Candidate Screening from Video CVs.
explainable automatic job candidate screening	multi-modal score fusion	decision trees	video cvs
Robust saliency detection via regularized random walks ranking.
regularized random walks ranking	robust saliency detection
Automatic mitral leaflet tracking in echocardiography by outlier detection in the low-rank representation.
automatic mitral leaflet tracking	outlier detection	low-rank representation
Region-based temporally consistent video post-processing.
region-based temporally consistent video post-processing
A Matrix Splitting Method for Composite Function Minimization.
composite function minimization	matrix splitting method
Efficient globally optimal consensus maximisation with tree search.
efficient globally optimal consensus maximisation	tree search
On template-based reconstruction from a single view: Analytical solutions and proofs of well-posedness for developable, isometric and conformal surfaces.
single view	conformal surfaces	analytical solutions	template-based reconstruction
Single Image Camera Calibration with Lenticular Arrays for Augmented Reality.
single image camera calibration	lenticular arrays	augmented reality
Vascular tree reconstruction by minimizing a physiological functional cost.
physiological functional cost	vascular tree reconstruction
Effective image database search via dimensionality reduction.
effective image database search	dimensionality reduction
Algorithms for Batch Matrix Factorization with Application to Structure-from-Motion.
batch matrix factorization
Characterizing the shadow space of camera-light pairs.
shadow space	camera-light pairs
Generative Hierarchical Learning of Sparse FRAME Models.
generative hierarchical learning	sparse frame models
A robust method for vector field learning with application to mismatch removing.
vector field learning	mismatch removing	robust method
Diffusion features for target specific recognition with synthetic aperture sonar raw signals and acoustic color.
synthetic aperture sonar raw signals	target specific recognition	diffusion features	acoustic color
Gait Recognition under Speed Transition.
gait recognition	speed transition
Graph matching through entropic manifold alignment.
entropic manifold alignment	graph matching
Silhouette-based camera calibration from sparse views under circular motion.
silhouette-based camera calibration	circular motion	sparse views
Evaluation of output embeddings for fine-grained image classification.
fine-grained image classification	output embeddings
Generating 5D Light Fields in Scattering Media for Representing 3D Images.
generating 5d light fields	representing 3d images	scattering media
GMS: Grid-Based Motion Statistics for Fast, Ultra-Robust Feature Correspondence.
grid-based motion statistics	ultra-robust feature correspondence
Gamesourcing to acquire labeled human pose estimation data.
acquire labeled human pose estimation data
Partitioning of image datasets using discriminative context information.
discriminative context information	image datasets
Learning Cross-Domain Information Transfer for Location Recognition and Clustering.
learning cross-domain information transfer	location recognition
Joint data alignment up to (lossy) transformations.
joint data alignment
Silhouette transformation based on walking speed for gait identification.
silhouette transformation based	gait identification	walking speed
Deep Relative Distance Learning: Tell the Difference between Similar Vehicles.
deep relative distance learning	similar vehicles
Quantifying how lighting and focus affect face recognition performance.
focus affect face recognition performance
SGM-Nets: Semi-Global Matching with Neural Networks.
neural networks	semi-global matching
Transferring Microscopy Image Modalities with Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks.
conditional generative adversarial networks	transferring microscopy image modalities
Statistical Shape Analysis of Multi-Object Complexes.
statistical shape analysis	multi-object complexes
Action Localization with Tubelets from Motion.
action localization
A bottom-up and top-down optimization framework for learning a compositional hierarchy of object classes.
object classes	optimization framework	compositional hierarchy
Multi-task Clustering of Human Actions by Sharing Information.
sharing information	multi-task clustering	human actions
Fits Like a Glove: Rapid and Reliable Hand Shape Personalization.
reliable hand shape personalization
GRSA: Generalized range swap algorithm for the efficient optimization of MRFs.
generalized range swap algorithm	efficient optimization
Global active contour-based image segmentation via probability alignment.
global active contour-based image segmentation	probability alignment
Interval Tracker: Tracking by Interval Analysis.
interval analysis	interval tracker
Stereo matching with nonparametric smoothness priors in feature space.
nonparametric smoothness priors	feature space	stereo matching
Learning kernels for variants of normalized cuts: Convex relaxations and applications.
normalized cuts	convex relaxations	learning kernels
Split and Match: Example-Based Adaptive Patch Sampling for Unsupervised Style Transfer.
example-based adaptive patch sampling	unsupervised style transfer
Discriminative image warping with attribute flow.
discriminative image warping	attribute flow
Abnormal Event Recognition: A Hybrid Approach Using SemanticWeb Technologies.
abnormal event recognition	semanticweb technologies	hybrid approach
Similarity-Aware Patchwork Assembly for Depth Image Super-resolution.
similarity-aware patchwork assembly	depth image super-resolution
Multi-view feature engineering and learning.
multi-view feature engineering
Probabilistic simultaneous pose and non-rigid shape recovery.
probabilistic simultaneous pose	non-rigid shape recovery
Comparison of FPGA and GPU implementations of real-time stereo vision.
real-time stereo vision	gpu implementations
Large-scale damage detection using satellite imagery.
large-scale damage detection	satellite imagery
Non-local Color Image Denoising with Convolutional Neural Networks.
non-local color image denoising	convolutional neural networks
Template protection for HMM-based on-line signature authentication.
hmm-based on-line signature authentication	template protection
Decomposable Nonlocal Tensor Dictionary Learning for Multispectral Image Denoising.
decomposable nonlocal tensor dictionary learning	multispectral image denoising
Scene Graph Generation by Iterative Message Passing.
scene graph generation	iterative message passing
Real-time 6D stereo Visual Odometry with non-overlapping fields of view.
real-time 6d stereo visual odometry	non-overlapping fields
Tracking People and Their Objects.
tracking people
Scalable k-NN graph construction for visual descriptors.
scalable k-nn graph construction	visual descriptors
Single Image Layer Separation Using Relative Smoothness.
single image layer separation	relative smoothness
Topology-preserving STAPLE.
topology-preserving staple
Saliency Optimization from Robust Background Detection.
robust background detection	saliency optimization
Dirichlet-Based Histogram Feature Transform for Image Classification.
dirichlet-based histogram feature transform	image classification
Layered Depth Panoramas.
layered depth panoramas
Sparse projections for high-dimensional binary codes.
high-dimensional binary codes	sparse projections
Learning to recognize shadows in monochromatic natural images.
monochromatic natural images	recognize shadows
Re-identify people in wide area camera network.
wide area camera network	re-identify people
Semantic Image Inpainting with Deep Generative Models.
deep generative models	semantic image inpainting
Synthesizing Dynamic Patterns by Spatial-Temporal Generative ConvNet.
synthesizing dynamic patterns	spatial-temporal generative convnet
3D Shape Segmentation with Projective Convolutional Networks.
projective convolutional networks	3d shape segmentation
LMI-based 2D-3D registration: From uncalibrated images to Euclidean scene.
lmi-based 2d-3d registration	uncalibrated images	euclidean scene
Fast MRF Optimization with Application to Depth Reconstruction.
fast mrf optimization	depth reconstruction
Uncertainty-Driven 6D Pose Estimation of Objects and Scenes from a Single RGB Image.
uncertainty-driven 6d pose estimation	single rgb image
Learning Video Object Segmentation from Static Images.
learning video object segmentation	static images
Improving Person Tracking Using an Inexpensive Thermal Infrared Sensor.
inexpensive thermal infrared sensor	improving person tracking
Strokelets: A Learned Multi-scale Representation for Scene Text Recognition.
learned multi-scale representation	scene text recognition
Predicting Behaviors of Basketball Players from First Person Videos.
person videos	predicting behaviors	basketball players
A Robust Multilinear Model Learning Framework for 3D Faces.
robust multilinear model learning framework	3d faces
Learning object motion patterns for anomaly detection and improved object detection.
learning object motion patterns	improved object detection	anomaly detection
Multi-target tracking of time-varying spatial patterns.
time-varying spatial patterns	multi-target tracking
Object tracking and detection after occlusion via numerical hybrid local and global mode-seeking.
numerical hybrid local	object tracking	global mode-seeking
Branch-and-price global optimization for multi-view multi-target tracking.
branch-and-price global optimization	multi-view multi-target tracking
Learning a probabilistic model mixing 3D and 2D primitives for view invariant object recognition.
view invariant object recognition	probabilistic model mixing 3d	2d primitives
3D reconstruction of glossy surfaces using stereo cameras and projector-display.
glossy surfaces	stereo cameras	3d reconstruction
Multispectral pedestrian detection: Benchmark dataset and baseline.
multispectral pedestrian detection	benchmark dataset
Video Captioning with Transferred Semantic Attributes.
transferred semantic attributes	video captioning
Using Segmentation to Verify Object Hypotheses.
verify object hypotheses
A Taxonomy and Evaluation of Dense Light Field Depth Estimation Algorithms.
dense light field depth estimation algorithms
A unified framework for locating and recognizing human actions.
recognizing human actions	unified framework
Watch and learn: Semi-supervised learning of object detectors from videos.
object detectors	semi-supervised learning
Multi-scale Structural Saliency for Signature Detection.
multi-scale structural saliency	signature detection
A Fast 3D Correspondence Method for Statistical Shape Modeling.
fast 3d correspondence method	statistical shape modeling
Exploring Weak Stabilization for Motion Feature Extraction.
motion feature extraction	exploring weak stabilization
Robust Object Co-detection.
robust object co-detection
MUlti-Store Tracker (MUSTer): A cognitive psychology inspired approach to object tracking.
cognitive psychology inspired approach	multi-store tracker	object tracking
The k-support norm and convex envelopes of cardinality and rank.
convex envelopes	k-support norm
Single image super-resolution using Gaussian process regression.
single image super-resolution	gaussian process regression
Robust plane-based structure from motion.
robust plane-based structure
From Dusk Till Dawn: Modeling in the Dark.
dusk till dawn
Action recognition with multiscale spatio-temporal contexts.
multiscale spatio-temporal contexts	action recognition
Unconstrained Face Alignment via Cascaded Compositional Learning.
unconstrained face alignment	cascaded compositional learning
Temporal Attention-Gated Model for Robust Sequence Classification.
robust sequence classification	temporal attention-gated model
Rapidly Deployable Video Analysis Sensor units for wide area surveillance.
rapidly deployable video analysis sensor units	wide area surveillance
People trajectory mining with statistical pattern recognition.
people trajectory mining	statistical pattern recognition
Leveraging stereopsis for saliency analysis.
leveraging stereopsis	saliency analysis
Robust Rotation and Translation Estimation in Multiview Reconstruction.
translation estimation	multiview reconstruction	robust rotation
Deep Self-Taught Learning for Weakly Supervised Object Localization.
weakly supervised object localization	deep self-taught learning
Learning to Score Olympic Events.
score olympic events
Structured Local Predictors for image labelling.
structured local predictors	image labelling
Curiosity-Driven Exploration by Self-Supervised Prediction.
curiosity-driven exploration	self-supervised prediction
Optimal Decisions from Probabilistic Models: The Intersection-over-Union Case.
probabilistic models	intersection-over-union case	optimal decisions
A hierarchical image clustering cosegmentation framework.
hierarchical image clustering cosegmentation framework
Space-Variant Image Deblurring on Smartphones Using Inertial Sensors.
space-variant image deblurring	inertial sensors
Learning Structured Inference Neural Networks with Label Relations.
learning structured inference neural networks	label relations
Synthetic Data for Text Localisation in Natural Images.
synthetic data	text localisation	natural images
Light Field Blind Motion Deblurring.
light field blind motion deblurring
Facial point detection using boosted regression and graph models.
facial point detection	graph models	boosted regression
A novel parametrization of the perspective-three-point problem for a direct computation of absolute camera position and orientation.
absolute camera position	direct computation	perspective-three-point problem
Discovering important people and objects for egocentric video summarization.
egocentric video summarization	discovering important people
Learning appearance in virtual scenarios for pedestrian detection.
virtual scenarios	pedestrian detection	learning appearance
Re-thinking non-rigid structure from motion.
re-thinking non-rigid structure
Accurate polyp segmentation for 3D CT colongraphy using multi-staged probabilistic binary learning and compositional model.
multi-staged probabilistic binary learning	accurate polyp segmentation	3d ct colongraphy	compositional model
FlowGames.
flowgames
A Logarithmic X-Ray Imaging Model for Baggage Inspection: Simulation and Object Detection.
logarithmic x-ray imaging model	object detection	baggage inspection
3D face tracking and expression inference from a 2D sequence using manifold learning.
3d face tracking	2d sequence	expression inference	manifold learning
Xception: Deep Learning with Depthwise Separable Convolutions.
depthwise separable convolutions	deep learning
Robust control point detection for aerial synthetic aperture radar via a logarithmic quasi-random scale space framework.
logarithmic quasi-random scale space framework	robust control point detection	aerial synthetic aperture radar
Learning Receptive Fields for Pooling from Tensors of Feature Response.
learning receptive fields	feature response
Material Classification Using Raw Time-of-Flight Measurements.
raw time-of-flight measurements	material classification
Regression from patch-kernel.
patch-kernel
Power-Efficient Cameras Using Natural Image Statistics.
natural image statistics	power-efficient cameras
Fast LBP Face Detection on Low-Power SIMD Architectures.
fast lbp face detection	low-power simd architectures
Grouper: Optimizing Crowdsourced Face Annotations.
optimizing crowdsourced face annotations
Growing semantically meaningful models for visual SLAM.
growing semantically meaningful models	visual slam
Real-Time License Plate Recognition on an Embedded DSP-Platform.
real-time license plate recognition	embedded dsp-platform
Temporally coherent interpretations for long videos using pattern theory.
temporally coherent interpretations	pattern theory	long videos
Formulating Action Recognition as a Ranking Problem.
formulating action recognition	ranking problem
Projection Center Calibration for a Co-located Projector Camera System.
co-located projector camera system	projection center calibration
A real-time system for 3D recovery of dynamic scene with multiple RGBD imagers.
multiple rgbd imagers	3d recovery	real-time system	dynamic scene
ROAM: A Rich Object Appearance Model with Application to Rotoscoping.
rich object appearance model
Hierarchically Gated Deep Networks for Semantic Segmentation.
hierarchically gated deep networks	semantic segmentation
Graph Cut Based Continuous Stereo Matching Using Locally Shared Labels.
graph cut based continuous stereo matching	locally shared labels
Sparse Coding for Classification via Discrimination Ensemble.
discrimination ensemble	sparse coding
Improved Texture Networks: Maximizing Quality and Diversity in Feed-Forward Stylization and Texture Synthesis.
improved texture networks	texture synthesis	feed-forward stylization	maximizing quality
Constructing Robust Affinity Graphs for Spectral Clustering.
constructing robust affinity graphs	spectral clustering
Data-driven sparsity-based restoration of JPEG-compressed images in dual transform-pixel domain.
dual transform-pixel domain	data-driven sparsity-based restoration	jpeg-compressed images
Word Channel Based Multiscale Pedestrian Detection without Image Resizing and Using Only One Classifier.
word channel based multiscale pedestrian detection	image resizing
Object-Based Multiple Foreground Video Co-segmentation.
object-based multiple foreground video co-segmentation
Identifying Good Training Data for Self-Supervised Free Space Estimation.
self-supervised free space estimation	identifying good training data
Metropolis-Hasting techniques for finite-element-based registration.
metropolis-hasting techniques	finite-element-based registration
Tag localization with spatial correlations and joint group sparsity.
joint group sparsity	tag localization	spatial correlations
Cascade object detection with deformable part models.
cascade object detection	deformable part models
Image registration by minimization of Mapping Complexity.
mapping complexity	image registration
3D-Aided Face Recognition Robust to Expression and Pose Variations.
3d-aided face recognition robust	pose variations
Incremental gradient on the Grassmannian for online foreground and background separation in subsampled video.
subsampled video	incremental gradient	online foreground	background separation
Image representations beyond histograms of gradients: The role of Gestalt descriptors.
image representations	gestalt descriptors
Shadow Removal from Single RGB-D Images.
single rgb-	shadow removal
Implementation of Fixed-Length Template Protection Based on Homomorphic Encryption with Application to Signature Biometrics.
fixed-length template protection based	homomorphic encryption	signature biometrics
Online Object Tracking, Learning, and Parsing with And-Or Graphs.
online object tracking
Bilattice-based Logical Reasoning for Human Detection.
bilattice-based logical reasoning	human detection
Hierarchical Feature Hashing for Fast Dimensionality Reduction.
fast dimensionality reduction	hierarchical feature hashing
Adversarial Diversity and Hard Positive Generation.
hard positive generation	adversarial diversity
Supervised translation-invariant sparse coding.
supervised translation-invariant sparse coding
3D model based vehicle classification in aerial imagery.
3d model based vehicle classification	aerial imagery
RefineNet: Multi-path Refinement Networks for High-Resolution Semantic Segmentation.
high-resolution semantic segmentation	multi-path refinement networks
Fully automatic feature localization for medical images using a global vector concentration approach.
fully automatic feature localization	global vector concentration approach	medical images
SPDA-CNN: Unifying Semantic Part Detection and Abstraction for Fine-Grained Recognition.
unifying semantic part detection	fine-grained recognition
Designing deep networks for surface normal estimation.
surface normal estimation	designing deep networks
Dense, accurate optical flow estimation with piecewise parametric model.
accurate optical flow estimation	piecewise parametric model
Learning multi-view correspondences from temporal coincidences.
learning multi-view correspondences	temporal coincidences
Depth from Semi-Calibrated Stereo and Defocus.
semi-calibrated stereo
A nonparametric Riemannian framework for processing high angular resolution diffusion images (HARDI).
processing high angular resolution diffusion images	nonparametric riemannian framework
Human Action Recognition by Representing 3D Skeletons as Points in a Lie Group.
human action recognition	representing 3d skeletons	lie group
Image Registration for Placenta Reconstruction.
image registration	placenta reconstruction
Multi-scale Continuous CRFs as Sequential Deep Networks for Monocular Depth Estimation.
multi-scale continuous crfs	monocular depth estimation	sequential deep networks
Stratified regularity measures with Jensen-Shannon divergence.
stratified regularity measures	jensen-shannon divergence
2D nonrigid partial shape matching using MCMC and contour subdivision.
2d nonrigid partial shape matching	contour subdivision
Streetscore - Predicting the Perceived Safety of One Million Streetscapes.
million streetscapes	perceived safety
Energy-efficient foreground object detection on embedded smart cameras by hardware-level operations.
energy-efficient foreground object detection	embedded smart cameras	hardware-level operations
Recurrent convolutional neural network for object recognition.
recurrent convolutional neural network	object recognition
Object stereo - Joint stereo matching and object segmentation.
joint stereo matching	object stereo	object segmentation
Deep Wavelet Prediction for Image Super-Resolution.
deep wavelet prediction	image super-resolution
Fixed-rank representation for unsupervised visual learning.
unsupervised visual learning	fixed-rank representation
Multi-scale Features for Detection and Segmentation of Rocks in Mars Images.
mars images	multi-scale features
Epitomized priors for multi-labeling problems.
epitomized priors	multi-labeling problems
Tumor Growth Estimation via Registration of DCE-MRI Derived Tumor Specific Descriptors.
dce-mri derived tumor specific descriptors	tumor growth estimation
Non-local Deep Features for Salient Object Detection.
salient object detection	non-local deep features
A Benchmark for the Comparison of 3-D Motion Segmentation Algorithms.
motion segmentation algorithms
The stitched puppet: A graphical model of 3D human shape and pose.
3d human shape	stitched puppet	graphical model
Efficient Boosted Exemplar-Based Face Detection.
efficient boosted exemplar-based face detection
Long-term correlation tracking.
long-term correlation tracking
Abnormal crowd behavior detection using social force model.
abnormal crowd behavior detection	social force model
Fast normalized cut with linear constraints.
fast normalized cut	linear constraints
Visual quasi-periodicity.
visual quasi-periodicity
Discriminative Subspace Clustering.
discriminative subspace clustering
CNN Features Off-the-Shelf: An Astounding Baseline for Recognition.
cnn features off-the-shelf	astounding baseline
Socially intelligent surveillance and monitoring: Analysing social dimensions of physical space.
analysing social dimensions	socially intelligent surveillance	physical space
Deformable Graph Matching.
deformable graph matching
Learning Motion Patterns in Videos.
learning motion patterns
Correlation Filters for Object Alignment.
object alignment	correlation filters
Reflectance hashing for material recognition.
reflectance hashing	material recognition
Maximum Cohesive Grid of Superpixels for Fast Object Localization.
maximum cohesive grid	fast object localization
Learning to detect Motion Boundaries.
detect motion boundaries
Next Generation FPGAs and SOCs - How Embedded Systems Can Profit.
embedded systems	generation fpgas
Guided Depth Upsampling via a Cosparse Analysis Model.
cosparse analysis model	guided depth upsampling
Locally time-invariant models of human activities using trajectories on the grassmannian.
locally time-invariant models	human activities
Local and Weighted Maximum Margin Discriminant Analysis.
weighted maximum margin discriminant analysis
Feature-independent context estimation for automatic image annotation.
feature-independent context estimation	automatic image annotation
Drift-free tracking of rigid and articulated objects.
drift-free tracking	articulated objects
Copula Ordinal Regression for Joint Estimation of Facial Action Unit Intensity.
facial action unit intensity	copula ordinal regression	joint estimation
Randomized decision forests for static and dynamic hand shape classification.
dynamic hand shape classification	randomized decision forests
Large Scale Multi-view Stereopsis Evaluation.
large scale multi-view stereopsis evaluation
Seeing through the blur.
blur
HD Maps: Fine-Grained Road Segmentation by Parsing Ground and Aerial Images.
fine-grained road segmentation	aerial images	parsing ground	hd maps
Scalable Person Re-identification on Supervised Smoothed Manifold.
supervised smoothed manifold	scalable person re-identification
Deep roto-translation scattering for object classification.
deep roto-translation scattering	object classification
A Combinatorial Solution to Non-Rigid 3D Shape-to-Image Matching.
non-rigid 3d shape-to-image matching	combinatorial solution
Modeling of anatomical information in clustering of white matter fiber trajectories using Dirichlet distribution.
white matter fiber trajectories	dirichlet distribution	anatomical information
Dealing with occlusion in a probabilistic object tracking method.
probabilistic object tracking method
Ball 3D Trajectory Reconstruction without Preliminary Temporal and Geometrical Camera Calibration.
ball 3d trajectory reconstruction	geometrical camera calibration	preliminary temporal
Plane-Based Content Preserving Warps for Video Stabilization.
plane-based content preserving warps	video stabilization
Neuroaesthetics in fashion: Modeling the perception of fashionability.
fashionability
A novel approach to American Sign Language (ASL) phrase verification using reversed signing.
american sign language	reversed signing	phrase verification
Gaze-enabled egocentric video summarization via constrained submodular maximization.
gaze-enabled egocentric video summarization	constrained submodular maximization
Statistical inference models for image datasets with systematic variations.
statistical inference models	image datasets	systematic variations
Video anomaly detection and localization using hierarchical feature representation and Gaussian process regression.
video anomaly detection	hierarchical feature representation	gaussian process regression
Simultaneous Matting and Compositing.
simultaneous matting
Color calibration of multi-projector displays through automatic optimization of hardware settings.
multi-projector displays	automatic optimization	color calibration	hardware settings
Experiments on visual loop closing using vocabulary trees.
visual loop closing	vocabulary trees
Relative pose problem for non-overlapping surveillance cameras with known gravity vector.
non-overlapping surveillance cameras	relative pose problem	gravity vector
Radiometric Calibration from Noise Distributions.
radiometric calibration	noise distributions
Automatic Image Annotation by Ensemble of Visual Descriptors.
automatic image annotation	visual descriptors
Non-rigid Registration of 3D Ultrasound Images Using Model-Based Segmentation.
3d ultrasound images	model-based segmentation	non-rigid registration
Color Constancy using Natural Image Statistics.
natural image statistics	color constancy
Multi-scale pyramid pooling for deep convolutional representation.
deep convolutional representation	multi-scale pyramid pooling
Visually Indicated Sounds.
visually
Defocus deblurring and superresolution for time-of-flight depth cameras.
time-of-flight depth cameras	defocus deblurring
Progressive search space reduction for human pose estimation.
progressive search space reduction	human pose estimation
MRF optimization by graph approximation.
mrf optimization	graph approximation
A contextual maximum likelihood framework for modeling image registration.
contextual maximum likelihood framework	modeling image registration
Multi-view object class detection with a 3D geometric model.
multi-view object class detection	3d geometric model
Removing rolling shutter wobble.
removing rolling shutter wobble
Rolling Riemannian Manifolds to Solve the Multi-class Classification Problem.
rolling riemannian manifolds	multi-class classification problem
Sparse representations for facial expressions recognition via l1 optimization.
facial expressions recognition	sparse representations	l1 optimization
Rotational Crossed-Slit Light Fields.
rotational crossed-slit light fields
Apparent Age Estimation Using Ensemble of Deep Learning Models.
apparent age estimation	deep learning models
Deep Matching Prior Network: Toward Tighter Multi-oriented Text Detection.
tighter multi-oriented text detection	deep matching prior network
Shape analysis with conformal invariants for multiply connected domains and its application to analyzing brain morphology.
multiply connected domains	analyzing brain morphology	conformal invariants	shape analysis
Learning Spatial Regularization with Image-Level Supervisions for Multi-label Image Classification.
multi-label image classification	learning spatial regularization	image-level supervisions
Multi-class cosegmentation.
multi-class cosegmentation
Flying objects detection from a single moving camera.
flying objects detection	single moving camera
A Riemannian Framework for Linear and Quadratic Discriminant Analysis on the Tangent Space of Shapes.
quadratic discriminant analysis	tangent space	riemannian framework
Guaranteed Outlier Removal with Mixed Integer Linear Programs.
mixed integer linear programs	guaranteed outlier removal
Learning to Detect Salient Objects with Image-Level Supervision.
detect salient objects	image-level supervision
SyncSpecCNN: Synchronized Spectral CNN for 3D Shape Segmentation.
synchronized spectral cnn	3d shape segmentation
Affectiva-MIT Facial Expression Dataset (AM-FED): Naturalistic and Spontaneous Facial Expressions Collected "In-the-Wild".
spontaneous facial expressions collected	affectiva-mit facial expression dataset
SMRFI: Shape matching via registration of vector-valued feature images.
vector-valued feature images	shape matching
Automatic facial expression recognition for intelligent tutoring systems.
automatic facial expression recognition	intelligent tutoring systems
FaLRR: A fast low rank representation solver.
fast low rank representation solver
Semantic Hierarchies for Visual Object Recognition.
visual object recognition	semantic hierarchies
Scalable structure from motion for densely sampled videos.
densely sampled videos	scalable structure
Finding Tiny Faces.
finding tiny faces
Moving cast shadow detection using physics-based features.
moving cast shadow detection	physics-based features
Submodularity beyond submodular energies: Coupling edges in graph cuts.
submodular energies	graph cuts	coupling edges
ResNet-Based Vehicle Classification and Localization in Traffic Surveillance Systems.
resnet-based vehicle classification	traffic surveillance systems
Making Deep Neural Networks Robust to Label Noise: A Loss Correction Approach.
making deep neural networks robust	loss correction approach	label noise
The geometry of 2D image signals.
2d image signals
Multi-shot Imaging: Joint Alignment, Deblurring, and Resolution-Enhancement.
multi-shot imaging	joint alignment
AMC: Attention Guided Multi-modal Correlation Learning for Image Search.
attention guided multi-modal correlation learning	image search
Concurrent Multiple Instance Learning for Image Categorization.
concurrent multiple instance learning	image categorization
Automatic Signer Diarization - The Mover Is the Signer Approach.
automatic signer diarization	signer approach
Modulated phase-shifting for 3D scanning.
3d scanning	modulated phase-shifting
Textured 3D face recognition using biological vision-based facial representation and optimized weighted sum fusion.
optimized weighted sum fusion	biological vision-based facial representation	textured 3d face recognition
Blur Processing Using Double Discrete Wavelet Transform.
double discrete wavelet transform	blur processing
Action classification on product manifolds.
action classification	product manifolds
Contour Detection in Unstructured 3D Point Clouds.
unstructured 3d point clouds	contour detection
Unsupervised object class discovery via saliency-guided multiple class learning.
saliency-guided multiple class learning	unsupervised object class discovery
A Human Action Recognition System for Embedded Computer Vision Application.
embedded computer vision application	human action recognition system
Online Collaborative Learning for Open-Vocabulary Visual Classifiers.
online collaborative learning	open-vocabulary visual classifiers
Learning with Side Information through Modality Hallucination.
side information	modality hallucination
Rank-based distance metric learning: An application to image retrieval.
rank-based distance metric learning	image retrieval
A novel riemannian framework for shape analysis of 3D objects.
3d objects	shape analysis	riemannian framework
Observable subspaces for 3D human motion recovery.
3d human motion recovery	observable subspaces
Modeling deformable gradient compositions for single-image super-resolution.
modeling deformable gradient compositions	single-image super-resolution
Single Image Calibration of Multi-axial Imaging Systems.
multi-axial imaging systems	single image calibration
Studying Very Low Resolution Recognition Using Deep Networks.
low resolution recognition	deep networks
A Robust Approach for Singular Point Extraction Based on Complex Polynomial Model.
singular point extraction based	complex polynomial model	robust approach
Reflection removal using ghosting cues.
ghosting cues	reflection removal
Dirichlet process mixture models on symmetric positive definite matrices for appearance clustering in video surveillance applications.
symmetric positive definite matrices	dirichlet process mixture models	video surveillance applications	appearance clustering
Coarse-to-Fine Volumetric Prediction for Single-Image 3D Human Pose.
single-image 3d human pose	coarse-to-fine volumetric prediction
MultiClass Object Classification in Video Surveillance Systems - Experimental Study.
video surveillance systems	multiclass object classification	experimental study
Probabilistic Label Trees for Efficient Large Scale Image Classification.
efficient large scale image classification	probabilistic label trees
A linear least-squares solution to elastic Shape-from-Template.
linear least-squares solution	elastic shape-from-template
Relighting objects from image collections.
relighting objects	image collections
Basis mapping based boosting for object detection.
basis mapping based boosting	object detection
Unsupervised estimation of segmentation quality using nonnegative factorization.
segmentation quality	nonnegative factorization	unsupervised estimation
Computing iconic summaries of general visual concepts.
computing iconic summaries	general visual concepts
Image segmentation using an efficient rotationally invariant 3D region-based hidden Markov model.
efficient rotationally invariant 3d region-based hidden markov model	image segmentation
Player localization using multiple static cameras for sports visualization.
multiple static cameras	player localization	sports visualization
Looktel - A comprehensive platform for computer-aided visual assistance.
computer-aided visual assistance	comprehensive platform
Filling large holes in LiDAR data by inpainting depth gradients.
filling large holes	inpainting depth gradients	lidar data
Fast Trust Region for Segmentation.
fast trust region
Diffuse Mirrors: 3D Reconstruction from Diffuse Indirect Illumination Using Inexpensive Time-of-Flight Sensors.
inexpensive time-of-flight sensors	diffuse indirect illumination	diffuse mirrors	3d reconstruction
A comparison of stereo and multiview 3-D reconstruction using cross-sensor satellite imagery.
cross-sensor satellite imagery	multiview 3-
Action recognition using exemplar-based embedding.
action recognition	exemplar-based embedding
Random Features for Sparse Signal Classification.
sparse signal classification	random features
Visual Persuasion: Inferring Communicative Intents of Images.
inferring communicative intents	visual persuasion
Optical Flow Requires Multiple Strategies (but Only One Network).
optical flow requires multiple strategies
An Automated Estimator of Image Visual Realism Based on Human Cognition.
image visual realism based	human cognition	automated estimator
Saliency filters: Contrast based filtering for salient region detection.
contrast based filtering	salient region detection	saliency filters
A codebook-free and annotation-free approach for fine-grained image categorization.
fine-grained image categorization	annotation-free approach
Learning a non-linear knowledge transfer model for cross-view action recognition.
non-linear knowledge transfer model	cross-view action recognition
Fast 3D Scanning with Automatic Motion Compensation.
fast 3d scanning	automatic motion compensation
Robust late fusion with rank minimization.
robust late fusion	rank minimization
Mining actionlet ensemble for action recognition with depth cameras.
mining actionlet ensemble	action recognition	depth cameras
An implicit Markov random field model for the multi-scale oriented representations of natural images.
implicit markov random field model	multi-scale oriented representations	natural images
Topology dictionary with Markov model for 3D video content-based skimming and description.
3d video content-based skimming	topology dictionary	markov model
segDeepM: Exploiting segmentation and context in deep neural networks for object detection.
deep neural networks	object detection	exploiting segmentation
Randomized hybrid linear modeling by local best-fit flats.
randomized hybrid linear modeling	local best-fit flats
Visual Place Recognition with Repetitive Structures.
visual place recognition	repetitive structures
Disambiguating the recognition of 3D objects.
3d objects
Object separation in x-ray image sets.
x-ray image sets	object separation
Facial expression recognition using encoded dynamic features.
facial expression recognition	encoded dynamic features
Deep Image Harmonization.
deep image harmonization
Detect What You Can: Detecting and Representing Objects Using Holistic Models and Body Parts.
representing objects	body parts	holistic models
Transferring a semantic representation for person re-identification and search.
semantic representation	person re-identification
Unsupervised Cross-Dataset Transfer Learning for Person Re-identification.
unsupervised cross-dataset transfer learning	person re-identification
Distinguishing Weather Phenomena from Bird Migration Patterns in Radar Imagery.
distinguishing weather phenomena	bird migration patterns	radar imagery
Quasi-perspective projection with applications to 3D factorization from uncalibrated image sequences.
uncalibrated image sequences	3d factorization	quasi-perspective projection
Using optical defocus to denoise.
optical defocus
Reconstructing Gas Flows Using Light-Path Approximation.
reconstructing gas flows	light-path approximation
Online detection of unusual events in videos via dynamic sparse coding.
dynamic sparse coding	online detection	unusual events
Lifting from the Deep: Convolutional 3D Pose Estimation from a Single Image.
convolutional 3d pose estimation	single image
Learning Regularized, Query-Dependent Bilinear Similarities for Large Scale Image Retrieval.
large scale image retrieval	query-dependent bilinear similarities	learning regularized
Understanding Indoor Scenes Using 3D Geometric Phrases.
3d geometric phrases	understanding indoor scenes
On detection of multiple object instances using hough transforms.
multiple object instances	hough transforms
Principled Parallel Mean-Field Inference for Discrete Random Fields.
principled parallel mean-field inference	discrete random fields
CUDA cuts: Fast graph cuts on the GPU.
fast graph cuts	cuda cuts
Retrographic sensing for the measurement of surface texture and shape.
surface texture	retrographic sensing
Dynamic projection environments for immersive visualization.
dynamic projection environments	immersive visualization
Virtual reconstruction of archaeological vessels using expert priors & surface markings.
expert priors & surface markings	virtual reconstruction	archaeological vessels
Projective alignment of range and parallax data.
projective alignment	parallax data
Semantic alignment of LiDAR data at city scale.
semantic alignment	lidar data	city scale
Topic regression multi-modal Latent Dirichlet Allocation for image annotation.
topic regression multi-modal latent dirichlet allocation	image annotation
An L1-based variational model for Retinex theory and its application to medical images.
l1-based variational model	retinex theory	medical images
Efficient Globally Optimal 2D-to-3D Deformable Shape Matching.
efficient globally optimal 2d-to-3d deformable shape matching
Towards Contactless, Low-Cost and Accurate 3D Fingerprint Identification.
accurate 3d fingerprint identification
Adaptive Class Preserving Representation for Image Classification.
adaptive class preserving representation	image classification
Photo Recall: Using the Internet to Label Your Photos.
photo recall
Scale-Aware Face Detection.
scale-aware face detection
Modeling Actions through State Changes.
modeling actions
Optimizing over Radial Kernels on Compact Manifolds.
radial kernels	compact manifolds
Kinematics from Lines in a Single Rolling Shutter Image.
single rolling shutter image
Passive 3D sensing, and reconstruction using multi-view imaging.
passive 3d sensing	multi-view imaging
Content Based 3D Human Document Retrieval Using Latent Semantic Mapping.
content based 3d human document retrieval	latent semantic mapping
Discovery of Collocation Patterns: from Visual Words to Visual Phrases.
visual phrases	visual words	collocation patterns
Accurate estimation of pulmonary nodule's growth rate in CT images with nonrigid registration and precise nodule detection and segmentation.
precise nodule detection	pulmonary nodule	ct images	accurate estimation	nonrigid registration	growth rate
Sparse concept coding for visual analysis.
sparse concept coding	visual analysis
Bayesian geometric modeling of indoor scenes.
bayesian geometric modeling	indoor scenes
Bilevel sparse coding for coupled feature spaces.
coupled feature spaces	bilevel sparse coding
Beyond Principal Components: Deep Boltzmann Machines for face modeling.
deep boltzmann machines	principal components	face modeling
On the burstiness of visual elements.
visual elements
Tracking Sports Players with Context-Conditioned Motion Models.
tracking sports players	context-conditioned motion models
A statistical model of Riemannian metric variation for deformable shape analysis.
riemannian metric variation	deformable shape analysis	statistical model
Triangulation Embedding and Democratic Aggregation for Image Search.
triangulation embedding	democratic aggregation	image search
Sum-product networks for modeling activities with stochastic structure.
stochastic structure	sum-product networks	modeling activities
An Approach to Pose-Based Action Recognition.
pose-based action recognition
Robust Orthonormal Subspace Learning: Efficient Recovery of Corrupted Low-Rank Matrices.
robust orthonormal subspace learning	corrupted low-rank matrices	efficient recovery
Joint Sequence Learning and Cross-Modality Convolution for 3D Biomedical Segmentation.
3d biomedical segmentation	joint sequence learning	cross-modality convolution
Persistent Tracking for Wide Area Aerial Surveillance.
wide area aerial surveillance	persistent tracking
Principled fusion of high-level model and low-level cues for motion segmentation.
high-level model	motion segmentation	principled fusion	low-level cues
Convexity and Bayesian constrained local models.
bayesian constrained local models
End-to-end integration of a Convolutional Network, Deformable Parts Model and non-maximum suppression.
deformable parts model	convolutional network	non-maximum suppression	end-to-end integration
SVM for edge-preserving filtering.
edge-preserving filtering
Multiple Target Tracking Using Spatio-Temporal Markov Chain Monte Carlo Data Association.
spatio-temporal markov chain monte carlo data association	multiple target tracking
Strategies for Resolving Camera Metamers Using 3+1 Channel.
resolving camera metamers	3+1 channel
Fast Approximate Inference in Higher Order MRF-MAP Labeling Problems.
higher order mrf-map labeling problems	fast approximate inference
Bispectral photometric stereo based on fluorescence.
bispectral photometric stereo based
Topology matching for 3D video compression.
3d video compression	topology matching
3D Visual Proxemics: Recognizing Human Interactions in 3D from a Single Image.
recognizing human interactions	3d visual proxemics	single image
Sparseness Meets Deepness: 3D Human Pose Estimation from Monocular Video.
3d human pose estimation	sparseness meets deepness	monocular video
Tracking multiple pedestrians in real-time using kinematics.
tracking multiple pedestrians
Discriminative clustering for image co-segmentation.
discriminative clustering	image co-segmentation
Scene Classification Using Bag-of-Regions Representations.
bag-of-regions representations	scene classification
Learning to Predict Stereo Reliability Enforcing Local Consistency of Confidence Maps.
predict stereo reliability enforcing local consistency	confidence maps
Weakly supervised structured output learning for semantic segmentation.
weakly supervised structured output learning	semantic segmentation
Vehicle matching and recognition under large variations of pose and illumination.
vehicle matching	large variations
End-to-End Driving in a Realistic Racing Game with Deep Reinforcement Learning.
realistic racing game	deep reinforcement learning	end-to-end driving
The Role of Context for Object Detection and Semantic Segmentation in the Wild.
object detection	semantic segmentation
Analyzing spatially-varying blur.
analyzing spatially-varying blur
Delving into egocentric actions.
egocentric actions
Consensus photometric stereo.
consensus photometric stereo
Gesture Recognition in Ego-centric Videos Using Dense Trajectories and Hand Segmentation.
dense trajectories	hand segmentation	ego-centric videos	gesture recognition
Sticky vector fields, and other geometric measures on diffusion tensor images.
sticky vector fields	diffusion tensor images	geometric measures
Video Paragraph Captioning Using Hierarchical Recurrent Neural Networks.
hierarchical recurrent neural networks	video paragraph captioning
Fast gain-adaptive KLT tracking on the GPU.
fast gain-adaptive klt tracking
Pooling Faces: Template Based Face Recognition with Pooled Face Images.
template based face recognition	pooled face images	pooling faces
Intrinsic shape context descriptors for deformable shapes.
intrinsic shape context descriptors	deformable shapes
Joint 3D Human Motion Capture and Physical Analysis from Monocular Videos.
joint 3d human motion capture	physical analysis	monocular videos
Layered Scene Decomposition via the Occlusion-CRF.
layered scene decomposition
Supervised hashing with kernels.
supervised hashing
Action Recognition with Temporal Relationships.
action recognition	temporal relationships
Voxel Cloud Connectivity Segmentation - Supervoxels for Point Clouds.
voxel cloud connectivity segmentation	point clouds
View and scale invariant action recognition using multiview shape-flow models.
scale invariant action recognition	multiview shape-flow models
LidarBoost: Depth superresolution for ToF 3D shape scanning.
tof 3d shape scanning	depth superresolution
Autonomous cleaning of corrupted scanned documents - A generative modeling approach.
corrupted scanned documents	generative modeling approach	autonomous cleaning
Image based rendering for motion compensation in angiographic roadmapping.
image based rendering	angiographic roadmapping	motion compensation
Transfer Sparse Coding for Robust Image Representation.
robust image representation	transfer sparse coding
Using Geometry Invariants for Camera Response Function Estimation.
camera response function estimation	geometry invariants
Dense saliency-based spatiotemporal feature points for action recognition.
dense saliency-based spatiotemporal feature points	action recognition
Articulated motion discovery using pairs of trajectories.
articulated motion discovery
Recursive compositional models: Representation, learning, and inference.
recursive compositional models
Robust multiple homography estimation: An ill-solved problem.
robust multiple homography estimation	ill-solved problem
Local Regularity-Driven City-Scale Facade Detection from Aerial Images.
local regularity-driven city-scale facade detection	aerial images
Learning Compact Binary Codes for Visual Tracking.
learning compact binary codes	visual tracking
Active microscopic cellular image annotation by superposable graph transduction with imbalanced labels.
active microscopic cellular image annotation	superposable graph transduction	imbalanced labels
Spherical hashing.
spherical hashing
A Visual Attention Algorithm Designed for Coupled Oscillator Acceleration.
visual attention algorithm designed	coupled oscillator acceleration
Interpretable 3D Human Action Analysis with Temporal Convolutional Networks.
interpretable 3d human action analysis	temporal convolutional networks
Automatic alignment of 3D reconstructions using a Digital Surface Model.
digital surface model	automatic alignment	3d reconstructions
Dynamic visual category learning.
dynamic visual category learning
Beyond pairwise energies: Efficient optimization for higher-order MRFs.
pairwise energies	efficient optimization	higher-order mrfs
3D morphable face models revisited.
3d morphable face models revisited
Where's Waldo: Matching people in images of crowds.
matching people
Mining Discriminative Triplets of Patches for Fine-Grained Classification.
mining discriminative triplets	fine-grained classification
Nonparametric Label-to-Region by search.
nonparametric label-to-region
Probabilistic event logic for interval-based event recognition.
interval-based event recognition	probabilistic event logic
Human-Explainable Features for Job Candidate Screening Prediction.
job candidate screening prediction	human-explainable features
Multi-level Attention Networks for Visual Question Answering.
multi-level attention networks	visual question answering
Scalable active matching.
scalable active matching
Space-time tree ensemble for action recognition.
space-time tree ensemble	action recognition
Learning active facial patches for expression analysis.
learning active facial patches	expression analysis
Decorrelated Vectorial Total Variation.
decorrelated vectorial total variation
Classification and clustering via dictionary learning with structured incoherence and shared features.
dictionary learning	structured incoherence	shared features
Aligning endoluminal scene sequences in wireless capsule endoscopy.
aligning endoluminal scene sequences	wireless capsule endoscopy
Learning from massive noisy labeled data for image classification.
massive noisy labeled data	image classification
A geodesic-preserving method for image warping.
image warping	geodesic-preserving method
Efficient track linking methods for track graphs using network-flow and set-cover techniques.
efficient track linking methods	track graphs	set-cover techniques
Joint photo stream and blog post summarization and exploration.
joint photo stream	blog post summarization
Simultaneous Detection and Segmentation of Pedestrians using Top-down and Bottom-up Processing.
simultaneous detection
Augmenting deformable part models with irregular-shaped object patches.
augmenting deformable part models	irregular-shaped object patches
Imaging the Finger Force Direction.
finger force direction
Comparison and combination of iris matchers for reliable personal identification.
reliable personal identification	iris matchers
Structured Regression Gradient Boosting.
structured regression gradient boosting
Learning Action Maps of Large Environments via First-Person Vision.
learning action maps	large environments	first-person vision
Coarse-to-Fine Segmentation with Shape-Tailored Continuum Scale Spaces.
shape-tailored continuum scale spaces	coarse-to-fine segmentation
Exploiting global priors for RGB-D saliency detection.
exploiting global priors	saliency detection
Learning a convolutional neural network for non-uniform motion blur removal.
non-uniform motion blur removal	convolutional neural network
A deformation and lighting insensitive metric for face recognition based on dense correspondences.
lighting insensitive metric	face recognition based	dense correspondences
ViP-CNN: Visual Phrase Guided Convolutional Neural Network.
visual phrase guided convolutional neural network
Yin and Yang: Balancing and Answering Binary Visual Questions.
answering binary visual questions
Design and Deployment of Visible-Thermal Biometric Surveillance Systems.
visible-thermal biometric surveillance systems
Learning to Detect Ground Control Points for Improving the Accuracy of Stereo Matching.
detect ground control points	stereo matching
Groupwise Registration via Graph Shrinkage on the Image Manifold.
groupwise registration	graph shrinkage	image manifold
Face Alignment Across Large Poses: A 3D Solution.
3d solution	face alignment	large poses
Understanding pedestrian behaviors from stationary crowd groups.
stationary crowd groups	understanding pedestrian behaviors
PointNet: Deep Learning on Point Sets for 3D Classification and Segmentation.
point sets	deep learning	3d classification
Residual Attention Network for Image Classification.
residual attention network	image classification
Video Demo: An Egocentric Vision Based Assistive Co-robot.
egocentric vision based assistive co-robot	video demo
Temporally Steered Gaussian Attention for Video Understanding.
temporally steered gaussian attention	video understanding
Online Learning with Bayesian Classification Trees.
bayesian classification trees	online learning
Context-Aware Gaussian Fields for Non-rigid Point Set Registration.
non-rigid point set registration	context-aware gaussian fields
Super-resolving Noisy Images.
super-resolving noisy images
Fast search in Hamming space with multi-index hashing.
fast search	hamming space	multi-index hashing
Expressive Visual Text-to-Speech Using Active Appearance Models.
active appearance models	expressive visual text-to-speech
Unsupervised learning of visual taxonomies.
visual taxonomies	unsupervised learning
3D morphable model construction for robust ear and face recognition.
3d morphable model construction	face recognition	robust ear
Blur kernel estimation using normalized color-line priors.
blur kernel estimation	normalized color-line priors
Effect of Pupil Dilation and Constriction on the Distribution of Bit Errors within the Iris.
pupil dilation	bit errors
Learning based automatic face annotation for arbitrary poses and expressions from frontal images only.
learning based automatic face annotation	frontal images	arbitrary poses
Accurate Depth and Normal Maps from Occlusion-Aware Focal Stack Symmetry.
occlusion-aware focal stack symmetry	normal maps	accurate depth
Multilinear pose and body shape estimation of dressed subjects from image sets.
body shape estimation	dressed subjects	image sets	multilinear pose
Beyond Local Appearance: Category Recognition from Pairwise Interactions of Simple Features.
local appearance	pairwise interactions	simple features	category recognition
Hybrid generative-discriminative classification using posterior divergence.
hybrid generative-discriminative classification	posterior divergence
Learning to segment under various forms of weak supervision.
weak supervision
The importance of intermediate representations for the modeling of 2D shape detection: Endstopping and curvature tuned computations.
2d shape detection	curvature tuned computations	intermediate representations
Image denoising via adaptive soft-thresholding based on non-local samples.
adaptive soft-thresholding based	non-local samples	image denoising
Subcategory-Aware Object Classification.
subcategory-aware object classification
Computing the stereo matching cost with a convolutional neural network.
stereo matching cost	convolutional neural network
Controlled human pose estimation from depth image streams.
controlled human pose estimation	depth image streams
Simultaneous Optimization of Structure and Motion in Dynamic Scenes Using Unsynchronized Stereo Cameras.
unsynchronized stereo cameras	simultaneous optimization	dynamic scenes
Knowing When to Look: Adaptive Attention via a Visual Sentinel for Image Captioning.
adaptive attention	visual sentinel	image captioning
Infrared Image Colorization Based on a Triplet DCGAN Architecture.
infrared image colorization based	triplet dcgan architecture
Expanding object detector's Horizon: Incremental learning framework for object detection in videos.
incremental learning framework	expanding object detector	object detection
Video-Based Person Re-identification by Deep Feature Guided Pooling.
deep feature guided pooling	video-based person re-identification
Discriminative Deep Metric Learning for Face Verification in the Wild.
discriminative deep metric learning	face verification
Towards compact topical descriptors.
compact topical descriptors
Visual Monocular Obstacle Avoidance for Small Unmanned Vehicles.
visual monocular obstacle avoidance	small unmanned vehicles
Material Classification Using Frequency-and Depth-Dependent Time-of-Flight Distortion.
depth-dependent time-of-flight distortion	material classification
Clues from the beaten path: Location estimation with bursty sequences of tourist photos.
beaten path	location estimation	tourist photos	bursty sequences
A Large and Diverse Dataset for Improved Vehicle Make and Model Recognition.
improved vehicle make	model recognition	diverse dataset
Robust camera location estimation by convex programming.
robust camera location estimation	convex programming
CLKN: Cascaded Lucas-Kanade Networks for Image Alignment.
cascaded lucas-kanade networks	image alignment
Generating the Future with Adversarial Transformers.
adversarial transformers
Lip Reading Sentences in the Wild.
lip reading sentences
Robot vision for the visually impaired.
visually impaired	robot vision
City-scale landmark identification on mobile devices.
city-scale landmark identification	mobile devices
Exclusivity-Consistency Regularized Multi-view Subspace Clustering.
exclusivity-consistency regularized multi-view subspace clustering
Do deep features generalize from everyday objects to remote sensing and aerial scenes domains?
aerial scenes domains	deep features generalize	everyday objects	remote sensing
On Projective Reconstruction in Arbitrary Dimensions.
arbitrary dimensions	projective reconstruction
USDOT number localization and recognition from vehicle side-view NIR images.
vehicle side-view nir images	usdot number localization
Unsupervised discovery of visual object class hierarchies.
visual object class hierarchies	unsupervised discovery
Towards Multi-view and Partially-Occluded Face Alignment.
partially-occluded face alignment
Mobile photo collage.
mobile photo collage
Visual Navigation Aid for the Blind in Dynamic Environments.
visual navigation aid	dynamic environments
Bags of Spacetime Energies for Dynamic Scene Recognition.
dynamic scene recognition	spacetime energies
Detecting text in natural scenes with stroke width transform.
stroke width transform	detecting text	natural scenes
Geodesic star convexity for interactive image segmentation.
geodesic star convexity	interactive image segmentation
Efficient subwindow search with submodular score functions.
efficient subwindow search	submodular score functions
Material classification with thermal imagery.
thermal imagery	material classification
Exemplar-Based Face Parsing.
exemplar-based face parsing
A new texture descriptor using multifractal analysis in multi-orientation wavelet pyramid.
multi-orientation wavelet pyramid	multifractal analysis	texture descriptor
Optimal Dimensionality Discriminant Analysis and Its Application to Image Recognition.
optimal dimensionality discriminant analysis	image recognition
Delaunay Deformable Models: Topology-Adaptive Meshes Based on the Restricted Delaunay Triangulation.
delaunay deformable models	restricted delaunay triangulation	topology-adaptive meshes based
Multi-view matching tensors from lines for general camera models.
general camera models	multi-view matching tensors
Biometric Authentication using Finger-Back Surface.
biometric authentication	finger-back surface
FAemb: A function approximation-based embedding method for image retrieval.
function approximation-based embedding method	image retrieval
An extension of multifactor analysis for face recognition based on submanifold learning.
face recognition based	submanifold learning	multifactor analysis
Landmark Based Facial Component Reconstruction for Recognition across Pose.
landmark based facial component reconstruction
End-to-End People Detection in Crowded Scenes.
end-to-end people detection	crowded scenes
Discriminative learned dictionaries for local image analysis.
discriminative learned dictionaries	local image analysis
An Analysis of Focus Sweep for Improved 2D Motion Invariance.
improved 2d motion invariance	focus sweep
Inferring spatial layout from a single image via depth-ordered grouping.
inferring spatial layout	depth-ordered grouping	single image
The magic sigma.
magic sigma
Multi-Modal Biometrics Involving the Human Ear.
multi-modal biometrics involving	human ear
On evaluating methods for recovering image curve fragments.
recovering image curve fragments	evaluating methods
Bottom-Up Segmentation for Top-Down Detection.
detection
Figure-ground segmentation by transferring window masks.
transferring window masks	figure-ground segmentation
Interval HSV: Extracting ink annotations.
extracting ink annotations	interval hsv
Dynamic Time-of-Flight.
dynamic time-of-flight
A 240 G-ops/s Mobile Coprocessor for Deep Neural Networks.
deep neural networks	mobile coprocessor
High-resolution hyperspectral imaging via matrix factorization.
high-resolution hyperspectral imaging	matrix factorization
On Constructing Facial Similarity Maps.
constructing facial similarity maps
Self-Critical Sequence Training for Image Captioning.
self-critical sequence training	image captioning
Fixation bank: Learning to reweight fixation candidates.
reweight fixation candidates	fixation bank
Conformal Embedding Analysis with Local Graph Modeling on the Unit Hypersphere.
conformal embedding analysis	local graph modeling	unit hypersphere
Improved Cooperative Stereo Matching for Dynamic Vision Sensors with Ground Truth Evaluation.
improved cooperative stereo matching	ground truth evaluation	dynamic vision sensors
Analysis of Light Transport based on the Separation of Direct and Indirect Components.
light transport based	indirect components
Robust Visual Tracking Using Oblique Random Forests.
oblique random forests	robust visual tracking
Low-Rank-Sparse Subspace Representation for Robust Regression.
low-rank-sparse subspace representation	robust regression
Energy minimization for linear envelope MRFs.
linear envelope mrfs	energy minimization
Three-dimensional point cloud recognition via distributions of geometric distances.
three-dimensional point cloud recognition	geometric distances
Learning features on robotic surgical tools.
robotic surgical tools	learning features
Multiplicative kernels: Object detection, segmentation and pose estimation.
multiplicative kernels	pose estimation	object detection
Multi-target tracking by online learning of non-linear motion patterns and robust appearance models.
robust appearance models	non-linear motion patterns	online learning	multi-target tracking
An integrated image and sketching environment for archaeological sites.
sketching environment	integrated image	archaeological sites
Motionlets: Mid-level 3D Parts for Human Motion Recognition.
mid-level 3d parts	human motion recognition
Large-Pose Face Alignment via CNN-Based Dense 3D Model Fitting.
cnn-based dense 3d model fitting	large-pose face alignment
Aliasing Detection and Reduction in Plenoptic Imaging.
plenoptic imaging	aliasing detection
Virtual Training for Multi-View Object Class Recognition.
multi-view object class recognition	virtual training
Differential Geometry Boosts Convolutional Neural Networks for Object Detection.
differential geometry boosts convolutional neural networks	object detection
Efficient Retrieval from Large-Scale Egocentric Visual Data Using a Sparse Graph Representation.
large-scale egocentric visual data	sparse graph representation	efficient retrieval
Learning and Refining of Privileged Information-Based RNNs for Action Recognition from Depth Sequences.
privileged information-based rnns	depth sequences	action recognition
G3D: A gaming action dataset and real time action recognition evaluation framework.
real time action recognition evaluation framework	gaming action dataset
Making impostor pass rates meaningless: A case of snoop-forge-replay attack on continuous cyber-behavioral verification with keystrokes.
making impostor pass rates meaningless	continuous cyber-behavioral verification	snoop-forge-replay attack
CRAFT Objects from Images.
craft objects
Nonparametric discovery of activity patterns from video collections.
activity patterns	nonparametric discovery	video collections
Sparse subspace clustering.
sparse subspace clustering
Iterative MAP and ML Estimations for Image Segmentation.
ml estimations	iterative map	image segmentation
EAST: An Efficient and Accurate Scene Text Detector.
accurate scene text detector
On SIFTs and their scales.
sifts
Human pose estimation from a single view point, real-time range sensor.
human pose estimation	real-time range sensor	single view point
Cross-Stitch Networks for Multi-task Learning.
multi-task learning	cross-stitch networks
Joint target tracking and recognition using view and identity manifolds.
joint target tracking	identity manifolds
From Red Wine to Red Tomato: Composition with Context.
red tomato	red wine
Visual tracking via adaptive structural local sparse appearance model.
adaptive structural local sparse appearance model	visual tracking
Shape centered interest points for feature grouping.
shape centered interest points	feature grouping
The Effect of Pixel-Level Fusion on Object Tracking in Multi-Sensor Surveillance Video.
multi-sensor surveillance video	object tracking	pixel-level fusion
Radiometric Calibration from Faces in Images.
radiometric calibration
A Piggyback Representation for Action Recognition.
piggyback representation	action recognition
Enforcing integrability by error correction using l1-minimization.
error correction	enforcing integrability
Exploiting local and global scene constraints in modeling large-scale dynamic 3D scenes from aerial video.
modeling large-scale dynamic 3d scenes	global scene constraints	exploiting local	aerial video
Transferring a generic pedestrian detector towards specific scenes.
generic pedestrian detector	specific scenes
Learning to Group Objects.
group objects
Tree-based Classifiers for Bilayer Video Segmentation.
bilayer video segmentation	tree-based classifiers
Efficiently Creating 3D Training Data for Fine Hand Pose Estimation.
efficiently creating 3d training data	fine hand pose estimation
TVParser: An automatic TV video parsing method.
automatic tv video parsing method
Dense Reconstruction Using 3D Object Shape Priors.
3d object shape priors	dense reconstruction
Illumination and reflectance spectra separation of a hyperspectral image meets low-rank matrix factorization.
hyperspectral image meets low-rank matrix factorization	reflectance spectra separation
Recursive edge-aware filters for stereo matching.
recursive edge-aware filters	stereo matching
A Multi-Scale Tikhonov Regularization Scheme for Implicit Surface Modelling.
multi-scale tikhonov regularization scheme	implicit surface modelling
Dominance detection in face-to-face conversations.
face-to-face conversations	dominance detection
A Clever Elimination Strategy for Efficient Minimal Solvers.
efficient minimal solvers	clever elimination strategy
From single image query to detailed 3D reconstruction.
single image query	detailed 3d reconstruction
Multifactor analysis based on factor-dependent geometry.
multifactor analysis based	factor-dependent geometry
What is an object?
object
Face Normals "In-the-Wild" Using Fully Convolutional Networks.
fully convolutional networks	face normals
Realtime Anomaly Detection Using Trajectory-Level Crowd Behavior Learning.
trajectory-level crowd behavior learning	realtime anomaly detection
Transformation-Invariant Convolutional Jungles.
transformation-invariant convolutional jungles
Visual event recognition in videos by learning from web data.
visual event recognition	web data
Speeding Up Tracking by Ignoring Features.
ignoring features
City-Scale Change Detection in Cadastral 3D Models Using Images.
city-scale change detection	cadastral 3d models
Boosted local structured HOG-LBP for object localization.
boosted local structured hog-lbp	object localization
Semantic Scene Completion from a Single Depth Image.
single depth image	semantic scene completion
Human Interaction Recognition Based on the Co-occurrence of Visual Words.
human interaction recognition based	visual words
Explaining Distributed Neural Activations via Unsupervised Learning.
explaining distributed neural activations	unsupervised learning
Patch-Based Evaluation of Image Segmentation.
patch-based evaluation	image segmentation
Shape-based pedestrian parsing.
shape-based pedestrian parsing
Audio-visual speech synchronization detection using a bimodal linear prediction model.
bimodal linear prediction model	audio-visual speech synchronization detection
Realtime and Robust Hand Tracking from Depth.
robust hand tracking
User-Driven Geolocation of Untagged Desert Imagery Using Digital Elevation Models.
digital elevation models	untagged desert imagery	user-driven geolocation
Associative Embeddings for Large-Scale Knowledge Transfer with Self-Assessment.
large-scale knowledge transfer	associative embeddings
Shape classification through structured learning of matching measures.
shape classification	matching measures	structured learning
Age Progression/Regression by Conditional Adversarial Autoencoder.
conditional adversarial autoencoder	age progression/regression
3D segmentation of rodent brains using deformable models and variational methods.
variational methods	3d segmentation	rodent brains	deformable models
Person Search with Natural Language Description.
natural language description	person search
A Sobolev-type metric for polar active contours.
polar active contours	sobolev-type metric
Slicing Convolutional Neural Network for Crowd Video Understanding.
slicing convolutional neural network	crowd video understanding
TIMER: Tensor Image Morphing for Elastic Registration.
tensor image morphing	elastic registration
Rigid Motion Segmentation Using Randomized Voting.
rigid motion segmentation	randomized voting
SST: Single-Stream Temporal Action Proposals.
single-stream temporal action proposals
Progressive shape models.
progressive shape models
Multiview specular stereo reconstruction of large mirror surfaces.
multiview specular stereo reconstruction	large mirror surfaces
Sparse Kernel Machines for Discontinuous Registration and Nonstationary Regularization.
sparse kernel machines	discontinuous registration	nonstationary regularization
Mutual information computation and maximization using GPU.
mutual information computation
Three-Dimensional Bilateral Symmetry Plane Estimation in the Phase Domain.
three-dimensional bilateral symmetry plane estimation	phase domain
An improved deep learning architecture for person re-identification.
improved deep learning architecture	person re-identification
FC^4: Fully Convolutional Color Constancy with Confidence-Weighted Pooling.
fully convolutional color constancy	confidence-weighted pooling
Multicamera Calibration from Visible and Mirrored Epipoles.
multicamera calibration	mirrored epipoles
Lip-motion events analysis and lip segmentation using optical flow.
lip-motion events analysis	optical flow	lip segmentation
Admissible linear map models of linear cameras.
admissible linear map models	linear cameras
Learning scene categories from high resolution satellite image for aerial video analysis.
high resolution satellite image	aerial video analysis	learning scene categories
Local Sparse Discriminant Analysis for Robust Face Recognition.
local sparse discriminant analysis	robust face recognition
Co-localization in Real-World Images.
real-world images
Adaptive object classification in surveillance system by exploiting scene context.
exploiting scene context	adaptive object classification	surveillance system
Extraction of 3D Transform and Scale Invariant Patches from Range Scans.
scale invariant patches	3d transform	range scans
Real-time human pose recognition in parts from single depth images.
real-time human pose recognition	single depth images
Trace Ratio vs. Ratio Trace for Dimensionality Reduction.
trace ratio	ratio trace	dimensionality reduction
Automated pose estimation in 3D point clouds applying annealing particle filters and inverse kinematics on a GPU.
3d point clouds applying annealing particle filters	automated pose estimation	inverse kinematics
Joint depth and alpha matte optimization via fusion of stereo and time-of-flight sensor.
alpha matte optimization	joint depth	time-of-flight sensor
Discrete hyper-graph matching.
discrete hyper-graph matching
Boosting ordinal features for accurate and fast iris recognition.
boosting ordinal features	fast iris recognition
Depth from focus with your mobile phone.
mobile phone
Background Modeling Based on Bidirectional Analysis.
background modeling based	bidirectional analysis
Sign ambiguity resolution for phase demodulation in interferometry with application to prelens tear film analysis.
prelens tear film analysis	sign ambiguity resolution	phase demodulation
Interactive Segmentation on RGBD Images via Cue Selection.
interactive segmentation	rgbd images	cue selection
Multispectral visible and infrared imaging for face recognition.
multispectral visible	face recognition	infrared imaging
SemiContour: A Semi-Supervised Learning Approach for Contour Detection.
semi-supervised learning approach	contour detection
Learning by Associating Ambiguously Labeled Images.
associating ambiguously labeled images
Fast single-frequency time-of-flight range imaging.
fast single-frequency time-of-flight range imaging
Robust Feature Matching with Alternate Hough and Inverted Hough Transforms.
robust feature matching	inverted hough transforms	alternate hough
How far can you get with a modern face recognition test set using only simple features?.
modern face recognition test set	simple features
Exploiting Symmetry and/or Manhattan Properties for 3D Object Structure Estimation from Single and Multiple Images.
3d object structure estimation	multiple images	manhattan properties	exploiting symmetry
Recognizing indoor scenes.
recognizing indoor scenes
Online Reconstruction of Indoor Scenes from RGB-D Streams.
indoor scenes	online reconstruction
Deep Metric Learning via Facility Location.
deep metric learning	facility location
Physics-based edge evaluation for improved color constancy.
improved color constancy	physics-based edge evaluation
Shape band: A deformable object detection approach.
deformable object detection approach	shape band
A Reinforcement Learning Approach to the View Planning Problem.
view planning problem	reinforcement learning approach
Neural Aggregation Network for Video Face Recognition.
video face recognition	neural aggregation network
Monocular Long-Term Target Following on UAVs.
monocular long-term target
Reconstruction-free inference on compressive measurements.
compressive measurements	reconstruction-free inference
Fusion of local appearance with stereo depth for object tracking.
local appearance	object tracking	stereo depth
The Unseen Challenge data sets.
unseen challenge data sets
An Exemplar-Based CRF for Multi-instance Object Segmentation.
multi-instance object segmentation	exemplar-based crf
Cluster-Wise Ratio Tests for Fast Camera Localization.
cluster-wise ratio tests	fast camera localization
Context aware topic model for scene recognition.
context aware topic model	scene recognition
A theory of differential photometric stereo for unknown isotropic BRDFs.
unknown isotropic brdfs	differential photometric stereo
Saliency Guided Dictionary Learning for Weakly-Supervised Image Parsing.
saliency guided dictionary learning	weakly-supervised image parsing
Human Pose Estimation with Iterative Error Feedback.
iterative error feedback	human pose estimation
RIFD-CNN: Rotation-Invariant and Fisher Discriminative Convolutional Neural Networks for Object Detection.
fisher discriminative convolutional neural networks	object detection
Accurate localization by fusing images and GPS signals.
accurate localization	fusing images	gps signals
Learning Online Smooth Predictors for Realtime Camera Planning Using Recurrent Decision Trees.
learning online smooth predictors	recurrent decision trees	realtime camera planning
Noisy Softmax: Improving the Generalization Ability of DCNN via Postponing the Early Softmax Saturation.
early softmax saturation	noisy softmax	generalization ability
Robust Multi-resolution Pedestrian Detection in Traffic Scenes.
robust multi-resolution pedestrian detection	traffic scenes
Contextual restoration of severely degraded document images.
severely degraded document images	contextual restoration
Accurately measuring human movement using articulated ICP with soft-joint constraints and a repository of articulated models.
accurately measuring human movement	articulated icp	articulated models	soft-joint constraints
Intrinsic mean shift for clustering on Stiefel and Grassmann manifolds.
grassmann manifolds
Max-Margin Boltzmann Machines for Object Segmentation.
max-margin boltzmann machines	object segmentation
Rapid selection of reliable templates for visual tracking.
visual tracking	reliable templates	rapid selection
Fast 2D border ownership assignment.
fast 2d border ownership assignment
Scale and Rotation Invariant Approach to Tracking Human Body Part Regions in Videos.
tracking human body part regions	rotation invariant approach
A Scalable High-Performance Hardware Architecture for Real-Time Stereo Vision by Semi-Global Matching.
scalable high-performance hardware architecture	real-time stereo vision	semi-global matching
Learning Features for Tracking.
learning features
Temporal Action Localization with Pyramid of Score Distribution Features.
score distribution features	temporal action localization
Efficient structured prediction for 3D indoor scene understanding.
3d indoor scene understanding	efficient structured prediction
What Can Help Pedestrian Detection?
pedestrian detection
High resolution motion layer decomposition using dual-space graph cuts.
high resolution motion layer decomposition	dual-space graph cuts
Embedded phase shifting: Robust phase shifting with embedded signals.
robust phase shifting	embedded phase shifting	embedded signals
Automatic registration of LIDAR and optical images of urban scenes.
urban scenes	optical images	automatic registration
Mining discriminative states of hands and objects to recognize egocentric actions with a wearable RGBD camera.
wearable rgbd camera	recognize egocentric actions	mining discriminative states
A Direct Least-Squares Solution to the PnP Problem with Unknown Focal Length.
unknown focal length	direct least-squares solution	pnp problem
Describing the scene as a whole: Joint object detection, scene classification and semantic segmentation.
joint object detection	semantic segmentation
Action recognition in spatiotemporal volume.
action recognition	spatiotemporal volume
Misalignment-robust face recognition.
misalignment-robust face recognition
Linear Laplacian Discrimination for Feature Extraction.
linear laplacian discrimination	feature extraction
Spatio-temporal Shape and Flow Correlation for Action Recognition.
flow correlation	action recognition	spatio-temporal shape
Comparative Evaluation of Hand-Crafted and Learned Local Features.
learned local features	comparative evaluation
ICPIK: Inverse Kinematics based articulated-ICP.
inverse kinematics based articulated-icp
Discover and Learn New Objects from Documentaries.
objects
Improving Variance Estimation in Biometric Systems.
improving variance estimation	biometric systems
Free-form mesh tracking: A patch-based approach.
free-form mesh tracking	patch-based approach
Spatial-Semantic Image Search by Visual Feature Synthesis.
visual feature synthesis	spatial-semantic image search
VidLoc: A Deep Spatio-Temporal Model for 6-DoF Video-Clip Relocalization.
6-dof video-clip relocalization	deep spatio-temporal model
Joint Intensity and Spatial Metric Learning for Robust Gait Recognition.
robust gait recognition	spatial metric learning	joint intensity
2.5D building modeling with topology control.
5d building modeling	topology control
A Novel Benchmark RGBD Dataset for Dormant Apple Trees and Its Application to Automatic Pruning.
dormant apple trees	benchmark rgbd dataset	automatic pruning
Effective learning-based illuminant estimation using simple features.
effective learning-based illuminant estimation	simple features
Seeing What is Not There: Learning Context to Determine Where Objects are Missing.
learning context
STCT: Sequentially Training Convolutional Networks for Visual Tracking.
sequentially training convolutional networks	visual tracking
Shape from Silhouette Probability Maps: Reconstruction of Thin Objects in the Presence of Silhouette Extraction and Calibration Error.
silhouette probability maps	silhouette extraction	thin objects	calibration error
Optical flow estimation using Fourier Mellin Transform.
optical flow estimation	fourier mellin transform
Recovering spectral reflectance under commonly available lighting conditions.
recovering spectral reflectance	lighting conditions
Discriminative Color Descriptors.
discriminative color descriptors
Augmented Blendshapes for Real-Time Simultaneous 3D Head Modeling and Facial Motion Capture.
real-time simultaneous 3d head modeling	facial motion capture	augmented blendshapes
Let the kernel figure it out; Principled learning of pre-processing for kernel classifiers.
kernel figure	principled learning	kernel classifiers
On compositional Image Alignment, with an application to Active Appearance Models.
active appearance models	compositional image alignment
3D shape matching by geodesic eccentricity.
3d shape matching	geodesic eccentricity
Light-invariant fitting of active appearance models.
active appearance models	light-invariant fitting
Fast Classification of Empty and Occupied Parking Spaces Using Integral Channel Features.
occupied parking spaces	integral channel features	fast classification
Congruency-Based Reranking.
congruency-based reranking
Approximate partitioning of observations in hierarchical particle filter body tracking.
hierarchical particle filter body tracking	approximate partitioning
The HPU.
hpu
Membership representation for detecting block-diagonal structure in low-rank or sparse subspace clustering.
detecting block-diagonal structure	sparse subspace clustering	membership representation
The phase only transform for unsupervised surface defect detection.
unsupervised surface defect detection
Semantic Image Segmentation with Task-Specific Edge Detection Using CNNs and a Discriminatively Trained Domain Transform.
discriminatively trained domain transform	semantic image segmentation	task-specific edge detection
In Situ Evaluation of Tracking Algorithms Using Time Reversed Chains.
time reversed chains	tracking algorithms	situ evaluation
Leveraging Hierarchical Parametric Networks for Skeletal Joints Based Action Segmentation and Recognition.
skeletal joints based action segmentation	leveraging hierarchical parametric networks
Hardware-efficient belief propagation.
hardware-efficient belief propagation
"You're It!": Role Identification Using Pairwise Interactions in Tag Games.
tag games	role identification	pairwise interactions
Deep Fisher Kernels - End to End Learning of the Fisher Kernel GMM Parameters.
fisher kernel gmm parameters	deep fisher kernels
A unified framework for generalized Linear Discriminant Analysis.
generalized linear discriminant analysis	unified framework
An integrated background model for video surveillance based on primal sketch and 3D scene geometry.
integrated background model	video surveillance based	3d scene geometry	primal sketch
Sample-Specific SVM Learning for Person Re-identification.
sample-specific svm learning	person re-identification
Plug & Play Generative Networks: Conditional Iterative Generation of Images in Latent Space.
plug & play generative networks	conditional iterative generation	latent space
Head pose estimation using Spectral Regression Discriminant Analysis.
spectral regression discriminant analysis	head pose estimation
Exploiting Unlabeled Ages for Aging Pattern Analysis on a Large Database.
exploiting unlabeled ages	aging pattern analysis	large database
Facial Expression Intensity Estimation Using Ordinal Information.
facial expression intensity estimation	ordinal information
Modeling the joint density of two images under a variety of transformations.
joint density
Learning Shape Trends: Parameter Estimation in Diffusions on Shape Manifolds.
learning shape trends	shape manifolds	parameter estimation
Evaluation of combined visible/NIR camera for iris authentication on smartphones.
combined visible/nir camera	iris authentication
Surface Normal Reconstruction from Specular Information in Light Field Data.
light field data	surface normal reconstruction	specular information
Robust fusion of dynamic shape and normal capture for high-quality reconstruction of time-varying geometry.
robust fusion	dynamic shape	high-quality reconstruction	time-varying geometry	normal capture
Rank-SIFT: Learning to rank repeatable local interest points.
rank repeatable local interest points
SqueezeMap: Fast Pedestrian Detection on a Low-Power Automotive Processor Using Efficient Convolutional Neural Networks.
efficient convolutional neural networks	low-power automotive processor	fast pedestrian detection
L0 Regularized Stationary Time Estimation for Crowd Group Analysis.
l0 regularized stationary time estimation	crowd group analysis
A Multi-view Stereo Benchmark with High-Resolution Images and Multi-camera Videos.
multi-view stereo benchmark	multi-camera videos	high-resolution images
Local Fisher Discriminant Analysis for Pedestrian Re-identification.
local fisher discriminant analysis	pedestrian re-identification
Elastic Shape-from-Template with Spatially Sparse Deforming Forces.
spatially sparse deforming forces	elastic shape-from-template
Inverse-polar ray projection for recovering projective transformations.
inverse-polar ray projection	recovering projective transformations
Seeded watershed cut uncertainty estimators for guided interactive segmentation.
seeded watershed cut uncertainty estimators	guided interactive segmentation
Scalable Multitask Representation Learning for Scene Classification.
scalable multitask representation learning	scene classification
Home Monitoring Musculo-skeletal Disorders with a Single 3D Sensor.
home monitoring musculo-skeletal disorders	single 3d sensor
Semantic Amodal Segmentation.
semantic amodal segmentation
Cascaded hand pose regression.
cascaded hand pose regression
Graph-based simplex method for pairwise energy minimization with binary variables.
graph-based simplex method	pairwise energy minimization	binary variables
Weakly Supervised Cascaded Convolutional Networks.
weakly supervised cascaded convolutional networks
View-invariant action recognition using fundamental ratios.
view-invariant action recognition	fundamental ratios
Physical simulation for probabilistic motion tracking.
probabilistic motion tracking	physical simulation
Transferable Deep-CNN Features for Detecting Digital and Print-Scanned Morphed Face Images.
print-scanned morphed face images	transferable deep-cnn features	detecting digital
The SVM-Minus Similarity Score for Video Face Recognition.
video face recognition	svm-minus similarity score
The scale of a texture and its application to segmentation.
application
Tracking 3D human pose with large root node uncertainty.
large root node uncertainty	tracking 3d human pose
A unified active and semi-supervised learning framework for image compression.
semi-supervised learning framework	image compression	unified active
Registration for 3D surfaces with large deformations using quasi-conformal curvature flow.
quasi-conformal curvature flow	large deformations	3d surfaces
Switching Convolutional Neural Network for Crowd Counting.
switching convolutional neural network	crowd counting
Remote Heart Rate Measurement from Face Videos under Realistic Situations.
remote heart rate measurement	face videos	realistic situations
Emotion Recognition in Context.
emotion recognition
Efficient algorithms for subwindow search in object detection and localization.
efficient algorithms	object detection	subwindow search
Learned Contextual Feature Reweighting for Image Geo-Localization.
learned contextual feature reweighting	image geo-localization
Approximate Log-Hilbert-Schmidt Distances between Covariance Operators for Image Classification.
approximate log-hilbert-schmidt distances	covariance operators	image classification
Semantic Segmentation of Small Objects and Modeling of Uncertainty in Urban Remote Sensing Images Using Deep Convolutional Neural Networks.
urban remote sensing images	deep convolutional neural networks	small objects	semantic segmentation
Making minimal solvers fast.
making minimal solvers fast
Stable and Informative Spectral Signatures for Graph Matching.
informative spectral signatures	graph matching
Separable Kernel for Image Deblurring.
image deblurring	separable kernel
Gyro-Based Multi-image Deconvolution for Removing Handshake Blur.
gyro-based multi-image deconvolution	removing handshake blur
Efficient and Automated Multimodal Satellite Data Registration through MRFs and Linear Programming.
automated multimodal satellite data registration	linear programming
Localizing parts of faces using a consensus of exemplars.
localizing parts
Facial Expression Recognition from World Wild Web.
facial expression recognition	world wild web
Class Specific 3D Object Shape Priors Using Surface Normals.
class specific 3d object shape priors	surface normals
An efficient volumetric framework for shape tracking.
efficient volumetric framework	shape tracking
Automatic Tactical Adjustment in Real-Time: Modeling Adversary Formations with Radon-Cumulative Distribution Transform and Canonical Correlation Analysis.
automatic tactical adjustment	radon-cumulative distribution transform	modeling adversary formations	canonical correlation analysis
WarpNet: Weakly Supervised Matching for Single-View Reconstruction.
weakly supervised matching	single-view reconstruction
Image parsing with stochastic grammar: The Lotus Hill dataset and inference scheme.
lotus hill dataset	image parsing	inference scheme	stochastic grammar
On Time-Series Topological Data Analysis: New Data and Opportunities.
time-series topological data analysis
Sparse to Dense 3D Reconstruction from Rolling Shutter Images.
rolling shutter images	dense 3d reconstruction
Fast and Robust Perspective Rectification of Document Images on a Smartphone.
robust perspective rectification	document images
Appearance learning by adaptive Kalman filters for FLIR tracking.
adaptive kalman filters	appearance learning	flir tracking
Robust RVM regression using sparse outlier model.
robust rvm regression	sparse outlier model
An efficient divide-and-conquer cascade for nonlinear object detection.
nonlinear object detection	efficient divide-and-conquer cascade
Interactive object detection.
interactive object detection
Tracking in Wide Area Motion Imagery Using Phase Vector Fields.
wide area motion imagery	phase vector fields
iCoseg: Interactive co-segmentation with intelligent scribble guidance.
intelligent scribble guidance	interactive co-segmentation
A scalable dual approach to semidefinite metric learning.
semidefinite metric learning	scalable dual approach
Robust and fast detection of moving vehicles in aerial videos using sliding windows.
moving vehicles	aerial videos	sliding windows	fast detection
3DCapture: 3D Reconstruction for a Smartphone.
3d reconstruction
Walking and talking: A bilinear approach to multi-label action recognition.
multi-label action recognition	bilinear approach
A Comparative Study of Modern Inference Techniques for Discrete Energy Minimization Problems.
discrete energy minimization problems	modern inference techniques	comparative study
What Players do with the Ball: A Physically Constrained Interaction Modeling.
physically constrained interaction modeling
A GPU accelerated Fast Directional Chamfer Matching algorithm and a detailed comparison with a highly optimized CPU implementation.
gpu accelerated fast directional chamfer matching algorithm	highly optimized cpu implementation	detailed comparison
Exploiting local features from deep networks for image retrieval.
exploiting local features	image retrieval	deep networks
3D priors for scene learning from a single view.
scene learning	single view	3d priors
Semantic segmentation using regions and parts.
semantic segmentation
Model globally, match locally: Efficient and robust 3D object recognition.
robust 3d object recognition	match locally	model globally
Sparse Convolutional Neural Networks.
sparse convolutional neural networks
Cortical enhanced tissue segmentation of neonatal brain MR images acquired by a dedicated phased array coil.
neonatal brain mr images acquired	dedicated phased array coil	cortical enhanced tissue segmentation
EYEWATCHME - 3D Hand and object tracking for inside out activity analysis.
object tracking	activity analysis	3d hand
Keypoint Descriptors for Matching Across Multiple Image Modalities and Non-linear Intensity Variations.
multiple image modalities	non-linear intensity variations	keypoint descriptors
Using k-Poselets for Detecting People and Localizing Their Keypoints.
detecting people
Projector Calibration using Arbitrary Planes and Calibrated Camera.
arbitrary planes	projector calibration	calibrated camera
Dense depth estimation using adaptive structured light and cooperative algorithm.
adaptive structured light	dense depth estimation	cooperative algorithm
Material recognition in the wild with the Materials in Context Database.
context database	material recognition
Accurate Object Detection with Joint Classification-Regression Random Forests.
joint classification-regression random forests	accurate object detection
MuCaLe-Net: Multi Categorical-Level Networks to Generate More Discriminating Features.
multi categorical-level networks	discriminating features
Continuous procrustes analysis to learn 2D shape models from 3D objects.
learn 2d shape models	continuous procrustes analysis	3d objects
Merging SVMs with Linear Discriminant Analysis: A Combined Model.
linear discriminant analysis	combined model	merging svms
Recovery of corrupted low-rank matrices via half-quadratic based nonconvex minimization.
half-quadratic based nonconvex minimization	corrupted low-rank matrices
Bottom-Up and Top-Down Reasoning with Hierarchical Rectified Gaussians.
hierarchical rectified gaussians
Sensor noise modeling using the Skellam distribution: Application to the color edge detection.
sensor noise modeling	color edge detection	skellam distribution
The Synthesizability of Texture Examples.
texture examples
Markerless Motion Capture with unsynchronized moving cameras.
unsynchronized moving cameras	markerless motion capture
Graph Matching with Anchor Nodes: A Learning Approach.
learning approach	anchor nodes	graph matching
Immediate, Scalable Object Category Detection.
scalable object category detection
Beyond Local Search: Tracking Objects Everywhere with Instance-Specific Proposals.
tracking objects	local search	instance-specific proposals
A multiscale hybrid model exploiting heterogeneous contextual relationships for image segmentation.
multiscale hybrid model exploiting heterogeneous contextual relationships	image segmentation
Nonparametric Part Transfer for Fine-Grained Recognition.
nonparametric part transfer	fine-grained recognition
Efficient object localization using Convolutional Networks.
efficient object localization	convolutional networks
Image authentication by detecting traces of demosaicing.
detecting traces	image authentication
Joint multi-feature spatial context for scene recognition in the semantic manifold.
joint multi-feature spatial context	scene recognition	semantic manifold
Facial Expression Recognition Using Enhanced Deep 3D Convolutional Neural Networks.
enhanced deep 3d convolutional neural networks	facial expression recognition
Motion from blur.
motion
Decorrelating Semantic Visual Attributes by Resisting the Urge to Share.
decorrelating semantic visual attributes
On the minimal problems of low-rank matrix factorization.
low-rank matrix factorization	minimal problems
A spatially varying PSF-based prior for alpha matting.
spatially varying psf-based prior	alpha matting
A Message Passing Algorithm for the Minimum Cost Multicut Problem.
minimum cost multicut problem	message passing algorithm
Alignment of 3D Building Models with Satellite Images Using Extended Chamfer Matching.
3d building models	extended chamfer matching	satellite images
Deep Face Deblurring.
deep face deblurring
Detecting Pulse from Head Motions in Video.
head motions	detecting pulse
Coherent Parametric Contours for Interactive Video Object Segmentation.
interactive video object segmentation	coherent parametric contours
A Multi-Resolution Dynamic Model for Face Aging Simulation.
face aging simulation	multi-resolution dynamic model
Pruning ConvNets Online for Efficient Specialist Models.
pruning convnets online	efficient specialist models
Unnatural L0 Sparse Representation for Natural Image Deblurring.
unnatural l0 sparse representation	natural image deblurring
Removing partial blur in a single image.
removing partial blur	single image
Object Contour Detection with a Fully Convolutional Encoder-Decoder Network.
fully convolutional encoder-decoder network	object contour detection
Direction matters: Depth estimation with a surface normal classifier.
surface normal classifier	direction matters	depth estimation
Extraction of surface normal and index of refraction using a pair of passive infrared polarimetric sensors.
passive infrared polarimetric sensors	surface normal
Augmenting CRFs with Boltzmann Machine Shape Priors for Image Labeling.
boltzmann machine shape priors	augmenting crfs	image labeling
3D Shape correspondence by isometry-driven greedy optimization.
isometry-driven greedy optimization	3d shape correspondence
Fast Boosting Based Detection Using Scale Invariant Multimodal Multiresolution Filtered Features.
scale invariant multimodal multiresolution filtered features	fast boosting based detection
Scale-invariant range features for time-of-flight camera applications.
time-of-flight camera applications	scale-invariant range features
Learning to Detect Carried Objects with Minimal Supervision.
detect carried objects	minimal supervision
Adversarially Tuned Scene Generation.
adversarially tuned scene generation
Analytic Bilinear Appearance Subspace Construction for Modeling Image Irradiance under Natural Illumination and Non-Lambertian Reflectance.
analytic bilinear appearance subspace construction	modeling image irradiance	non-lambertian reflectance	natural illumination
Tracking of cell population from time lapse and end point confocal microscopy images with multiple hypothesis Kalman smoothing filters.
end point confocal microscopy images	multiple hypothesis kalman smoothing filters	time lapse	cell population
Who are you with and where are you going?

Surface regions of interest for viewpoint selection.
viewpoint selection	surface regions
High Quality Photometric Reconstruction Using a Depth Camera.
high quality photometric reconstruction	depth camera
Scene understanding with discriminative structured prediction.
discriminative structured prediction	scene understanding
Where is the rat? Tracking in low contrast thermographic images.
low contrast thermographic images
Automatic Person Detection and Tracking using Fuzzy Controlled Active Cameras.
fuzzy controlled active cameras	automatic person detection
Learning texton models for real-time scene context.
learning texton models	real-time scene context
EMOTIC: Emotions in Context Dataset.
context dataset
Bilinear heterogeneous information machine for RGB-D action recognition.
bilinear heterogeneous information machine	action recognition
Real-Time Projector Tracking on Complex Geometry Using Ordinary Imagery.
real-time projector tracking	complex geometry	ordinary imagery
Intrinsic images using optimization.
intrinsic images
Tracking Large Variable Numbers of Objects in Clutter.
tracking large variable numbers
Active Sampling for Subjective Image Quality Assessment.
subjective image quality assessment	active sampling
Ethnicity classification based on gait using multi-view fusion.
ethnicity classification based	multi-view fusion
Automated detection in complex objects using a tracking algorithm in multiple X-ray views.
multiple x-ray views	automated detection	tracking algorithm	complex objects
Multi-forest Tracker: A Chameleon in Tracking.
multi-forest tracker
Semi-supervised boosting using visual similarity learning.
visual similarity learning	semi-supervised boosting
On Stabilisation of Parametric Active Contours.
parametric active contours
Learning to count with deep object features.
deep object features
TI-POOLING: Transformation-Invariant Pooling for Feature Learning in Convolutional Neural Networks.
convolutional neural networks	transformation-invariant pooling	feature learning
Unified Principal Component Analysis with generalized Covariance Matrix for face recognition.
unified principal component analysis	generalized covariance matrix	face recognition
Motion Estimation for Self-Driving Cars with a Generalized Camera.
self-driving cars	generalized camera	motion estimation
Full Resolution Image Compression with Recurrent Neural Networks.
full resolution image compression	recurrent neural networks
Expanded Parts Model for Human Attribute and Action Recognition in Still Images.
expanded parts model	human attribute	action recognition
A Graphical Model for unifying tracking and classification within a multimodal Human-Robot Interaction scenario.
multimodal human-robot interaction scenario	unifying tracking	graphical model
From 3D scene geometry to human workspace.
3d scene geometry	human workspace
Bio-inspired Dynamic 3D Discriminative Skeletal Features for Human Action Recognition.
bio-inspired dynamic 3d discriminative skeletal features	human action recognition
AnchorNet: A Weakly Supervised Network to Learn Geometry-Sensitive Features for Semantic Matching.
weakly supervised network	learn geometry-sensitive features	semantic matching
Efficient sequential correspondence selection by cosegmentation.
efficient sequential correspondence selection
Simulating human saccadic scanpaths on natural images.
simulating human saccadic scanpaths	natural images
Local grouping for optical flow.
optical flow	local grouping
Learning rotational features for filament detection.
learning rotational features	filament detection
Multi-Layer Background Subtraction Based on Color and Texture.
multi-layer background subtraction based
Mixture of parts revisited: Expressive part interactions for Pose Estimation.
expressive part interactions	pose estimation	parts revisited
Evaluation of background subtraction techniques for video surveillance.
background subtraction techniques	video surveillance
Learning to segment using machine-learned penalized logistic models.
machine-learned penalized logistic models
Using contours to detect and localize junctions in natural images.
localize junctions	natural images
Facial action unit detection: 3D versus 2D modality.
facial action unit detection	3d versus 2d modality
Outlier removal using duality.
outlier removal
Extraction of tubular structures over an orientation domain.
orientation domain	tubular structures
A Dual Ascent Framework for Lagrangean Decomposition of Combinatorial Problems.
dual ascent framework	lagrangean decomposition	combinatorial problems
Background modeling using adaptive pixelwise kernel variances in a hybrid feature space.
adaptive pixelwise kernel variances	hybrid feature space	background modeling
Discovering discriminative action parts from mid-level video representations.
discovering discriminative action parts	mid-level video representations
Oracle Based Active Set Algorithm for Scalable Elastic Net Subspace Clustering.
oracle based active set algorithm	scalable elastic net subspace clustering
Consensus of k-NNs for Robust Neighborhood Selection on Graph-Based Manifolds.
robust neighborhood selection	graph-based manifolds
Graph cut based image segmentation with connectivity priors.
graph cut based image segmentation	connectivity priors
Learning Structured Low-Rank Representations for Image Classification.
learning structured low-rank representations	image classification
Recurrent 3D Pose Sequence Machines.
recurrent 3d pose sequence machines
Regenerative morphing.
regenerative morphing
Face Presentation Attack with Latex Masks in Multispectral Videos.
face presentation attack	multispectral videos	latex masks
Feature guided motion artifact reduction with structure-awareness in 4D CT images.
feature guided motion artifact reduction	4d ct images
Real-time hybrid ToF multi-camera rig fusion system for depth map enhancement.
real-time hybrid tof multi-camera rig fusion system	depth map enhancement
Active learning for large multi-class problems.
large multi-class problems	active learning
Shadow Segmentation in SAS and SAR Using Bayesian Elastic Contours.
bayesian elastic contours	shadow segmentation
Learning photographic global tonal adjustment with a database of input/output image pairs.
learning photographic global tonal adjustment	input/output image pairs
Active Planning, Sensing, and Recognition Using a Resource-Constrained Discriminant POMDP.
resource-constrained discriminant pomdp	active planning
Ground truth and evaluation for latent fingerprint matching.
latent fingerprint matching	ground truth
Model-based perceptual grouping and shape abstraction.
model-based perceptual grouping	shape abstraction
Road network extraction from airborne LiDAR data using scene context.
road network extraction	airborne lidar data	scene context
Building segmentation for densely built urban regions using aerial LIDAR data.
densely built urban regions	aerial lidar data	building segmentation
A multi-compartment segmentation framework with homeomorphic level sets.
homeomorphic level sets	multi-compartment segmentation framework
Uncovering vein patterns from color skin images for forensic analysis.
uncovering vein patterns	color skin images	forensic analysis
Bayesian View Synthesis and Image-Based Rendering Principles.
bayesian view synthesis	image-based rendering principles
Joint Spectral Correspondence for Disparate Image Matching.
disparate image matching	joint spectral correspondence
Templateless Quasi-rigid Shape Modeling with Implicit Loop-Closure.
templateless quasi-rigid shape modeling	implicit loop-closure
SCaLE: Supervised and Cascaded Laplacian Eigenmaps for Visual Object Recognition Based on Nearest Neighbors.
visual object recognition based	cascaded laplacian eigenmaps	nearest neighbors
Order consistent change detection via fast statistical significance testing.
order consistent change detection	fast statistical significance testing
Soft-Segmentation Guided Object Motion Deblurring.
soft-segmentation guided object motion deblurring
Modeling Appearances with Low-Rank SVM.
modeling appearances	low-rank svm
3D Shape Attributes.
3d shape attributes
Visual and semantic similarity in ImageNet.
semantic similarity
Semantic Visual Understanding of Indoor Environments: From Structures to Opportunities for Action.
semantic visual understanding	indoor environments
Hyperspectral Image Super-Resolution via Non-local Sparse Tensor Factorization.
non-local sparse tensor factorization	hyperspectral image super-resolution
Learning by Association - A Versatile Semi-Supervised Training Method for Neural Networks.
versatile semi-supervised training method	neural networks
Geometric Context from Videos.
geometric context
A Benchmark Dataset and Evaluation Methodology for Video Object Segmentation.
video object segmentation	benchmark dataset	evaluation methodology
Unsupervised Segmentation of Objects using Efficient Learning.
unsupervised segmentation	efficient learning
Masked FFT registration.
masked fft registration
Simultaneous Object Detection and Segmentation by Boosting Local Shape Feature based Classifier.
boosting local shape feature based classifier	simultaneous object detection
Discriminative human action segmentation and recognition using semi-Markov model.
discriminative human action segmentation	semi-markov model
Computationally bounded retrieval.
computationally bounded retrieval
Active learning approach to detecting standing dead trees from ALS point clouds combined with aerial infrared imagery.
als point clouds combined	detecting standing dead trees	active learning approach	aerial infrared imagery
Calibration-free gaze sensing using saliency maps.
calibration-free gaze sensing	saliency maps
Nonparametric Context Modeling of Local Appearance for Pose- and Expression-Robust Facial Landmark Localization.
expression-robust facial landmark localization	nonparametric context modeling	local appearance
Iterated Second-Order Label Sensitive Pooling for 3D Human Pose Estimation.
iterated second-order label sensitive pooling	3d human pose estimation
Trust No One: Low Rank Matrix Factorization Using Hierarchical RANSAC.
low rank matrix factorization	hierarchical ransac
Deep LAC: Deep localization, alignment and classification for fine-grained recognition.
fine-grained recognition	deep lac	deep localization
Simultaneous data volume reconstruction and pose estimation from slice samples.
simultaneous data volume reconstruction	slice samples	pose estimation
Robust video denoising using low rank matrix completion.
low rank matrix completion	robust video denoising
Multi-feature metric learning with knowledge transfer among semantics and social tagging.
multi-feature metric learning	social tagging	knowledge transfer
Joint calibration of Ensemble of Exemplar SVMs.
joint calibration	exemplar svms
High-quality shape from multi-view stereo and shading under general illumination.
multi-view stereo	high-quality shape	general illumination
Hierarchically-constrained optical flow.
hierarchically-constrained optical flow
Semi-supervised low-rank mapping learning for multi-label classification.
semi-supervised low-rank mapping learning	multi-label classification
Articulated Pose Estimation Using Discriminative Armlet Classifiers.
discriminative armlet classifiers	articulated pose estimation
Fast and Exact: ADMM-Based Discriminative Shape Segmentation with Loopy Part Models.
admm-based discriminative shape segmentation	loopy part models
Separating Signal from Noise Using Patch Recurrence across Scales.
patch recurrence	separating signal
Automatic estimation of left ventricular dysfunction from echocardiogram videos.
left ventricular dysfunction	echocardiogram videos	automatic estimation
Self-Organizing Maps for Fingerprint Image Quality Assessment.
fingerprint image quality assessment	self-organizing maps
Sparse kernel approximations for efficient classification and detection.
sparse kernel approximations	efficient classification
Large-scale image categorization with explicit data embedding.
explicit data embedding	large-scale image categorization
Semantic context modeling with maximal margin Conditional Random Fields for automatic image annotation.
maximal margin conditional random fields	semantic context modeling	automatic image annotation
Multi-level inference by relaxed dual decomposition for human pose segmentation.
relaxed dual decomposition	human pose segmentation	multi-level inference
A general method for the point of regard estimation in 3D space.
3d space	regard estimation	general method
Material classification using BRDF slices.
brdf slices	material classification
Local Naive Bayes Nearest Neighbor for image classification.
local naive bayes nearest neighbor	image classification
Learning a background model for change detection.
change detection	background model
Towards Fog-Free In-Vehicle Vision Systems through Contrast Restoration.
fog-free in-vehicle vision systems	contrast restoration
Spatio-temporal Saliency for Action Similarity.
action similarity	spatio-temporal saliency
Deep Watershed Transform for Instance Segmentation.
deep watershed transform	instance segmentation
Sequence searching with deep-learnt depth for condition- and viewpoint-invariant route-based place recognition.
viewpoint-invariant route-based place recognition	sequence searching	deep-learnt depth
Fried Binary Embedding for High-Dimensional Visual Features.
fried binary embedding	high-dimensional visual features
Collaborative Deep Reinforcement Learning for Joint Object Search.
collaborative deep reinforcement learning	joint object search
Scene labeling with LSTM recurrent neural networks.
lstm recurrent neural networks	scene labeling
Euclidean and Hamming Embedding for Image Patch Description with Convolutional Networks.
image patch description	hamming embedding	convolutional networks
Learning shift-invariant sparse representation of actions.
learning shift-invariant sparse representation
3D Reconstruction in the presence of glasses by acoustic and stereo fusion.
stereo fusion	3d reconstruction
Unsupervised learning of finite mixtures using entropy regularization and its application to image segmentation.
entropy regularization	image segmentation	unsupervised learning	finite mixtures
Determining Motion Directly from Normal Flows Upon the Use of a Spherical Eye Platform.
determining motion directly	spherical eye platform	normal flows
Unsupervised co-segmentation through region matching.
unsupervised co-segmentation	region matching
Reconstructing the world* in six days.
reconstructing
Deep Decision Network for Multi-class Image Classification.
multi-class image classification	deep decision network
Monocular and Stereo Methods for AAM Learning from Video.
stereo methods	aam learning
Saliency Detection: A Spectral Residual Approach.
spectral residual approach	saliency detection
THETIS: Three Dimensional Tennis Shots a Human Action Dataset.
human action dataset	dimensional tennis shots
Discriminatively trained particle filters for complex multi-object tracking.
discriminatively trained particle filters	complex multi-object tracking
Describing objects by their attributes.
describing objects
Error propagations for local bundle adjustment.
local bundle adjustment	error propagations
Global optimization for estimating a BRDF with multiple specular lobes.
multiple specular lobes	global optimization
Robust higher order potentials for enforcing label consistency.
robust higher order potentials	enforcing label consistency
Line drawing interpretation in a multi-view context.
line drawing interpretation	multi-view context
Consistency analysis and improvement for single-camera localization.
single-camera localization	consistency analysis
Coupled Harmonic Bases for Longitudinal Characterization of Brain Networks.
coupled harmonic bases	longitudinal characterization	brain networks
Spatial-bag-of-features.
spatial-bag-of-features
Efficient label collection for unlabeled image datasets.
efficient label collection	unlabeled image datasets
Scale and rotation invariant matching using linearly augmented trees.
rotation invariant matching	linearly augmented trees
Embedded smart sensor for outdoor parking lot lighting control.
outdoor parking lot lighting control	embedded smart sensor
AWEAR 2.0 system: Omni-directional audio-visual data acquisition and processing.
omni-directional audio-visual data acquisition
High-Quality Depth from Uncalibrated Small Motion Clip.
uncalibrated small motion clip	high-quality depth
Collaborative Quantization for Cross-Modal Similarity Search.
cross-modal similarity search	collaborative quantization
Fourier Analysis on Transient Imaging with a Multifrequency Time-of-Flight Camera.
multifrequency time-of-flight camera	transient imaging	fourier analysis
Marked point processes for crowd counting.
marked point processes	crowd counting
UntrimmedNets for Weakly Supervised Action Recognition and Detection.
weakly supervised action recognition
Linear and Quadratic Subsets for Template-Based Tracking.
template-based tracking	quadratic subsets
3D object class detection in the wild.
3d object class detection
Trajectory Series Analysis based Event Rule Induction for Visual Surveillance.
trajectory series analysis based event rule induction	visual surveillance
Violent flows: Real-time detection of violent crowd behavior.
violent crowd behavior	violent flows	real-time detection
Partial Optimality by Pruning for MAP-Inference with General Graphical Models.
general graphical models	partial optimality
Similarity Measure between Two Gestures Using Triplets.
similarity measure
A Low-Cost Mirror-Based Active Perception System for Effective Collision Free Underwater Robotic Navigation.
effective collision free underwater robotic navigation	low-cost mirror-based active perception system
Spectral Clustering with Jensen-Type Kernels and Their Multi-point Extensions.
spectral clustering	multi-point extensions	jensen-type kernels
Constrained Joint Cascade Regression Framework for Simultaneous Facial Action Unit Recognition and Facial Landmark Detection.
constrained joint cascade regression framework	simultaneous facial action unit recognition	facial landmark detection
Recovering Line-Networks in Images by Junction-Point Processes.
recovering line-networks	junction-point processes
3D facial expression recognition based on automatically selected features.
3d facial expression recognition based	automatically selected features
Recognizing primitive interactions by exploring actor-object states.
exploring actor-object states	recognizing primitive interactions
Computationally Efficient Face Spoofing Detection with Motion Magnification.
computationally efficient face spoofing detection	motion magnification
Sports Type Classification Using Signature Heatmaps.
sports type classification	signature heatmaps
Rethinking the Inception Architecture for Computer Vision.
computer vision	inception architecture
Active Convolution: Learning the Shape of Convolution for Image Classification.
image classification
Anomaly detection in crowded scenes.
crowded scenes	anomaly detection
Sparse representation for blind image quality assessment.
blind image quality assessment	sparse representation
Pedestrian sensing using time-of-flight range camera.
time-of-flight range camera	pedestrian sensing
Automatic change detection in an indoor environment.
automatic change detection	indoor environment
Local Binary Convolutional Neural Networks.
local binary convolutional neural networks
Event Detection Using Multi-level Relevance Labels and Multiple Features.
multi-level relevance labels	multiple features	event detection
Are You Smarter Than a Sixth Grader? Textbook Question Answering for Multimodal Machine Comprehension.
multimodal machine comprehension	textbook question answering	sixth grader
Efficient Computation of Shortest Path-Concavity for 3D Meshes.
efficient computation	shortest path-concavity	3d meshes
Tracking deformable surfaces with optical flow in the presence of self occlusion in monocular image sequences.
tracking deformable surfaces	monocular image sequences	optical flow
3D Pictorial Structures for Multiple Human Pose Estimation.
multiple human pose estimation	3d pictorial structures
Stable Learning in Coding Space for Multi-class Decoding and Its Extension for Multi-class Hypothesis Transfer Learning.
multi-class hypothesis transfer learning	stable learning	multi-class decoding	coding space
Large-Scale Location Recognition and the Geometric Burstiness Problem.
geometric burstiness problem	large-scale location recognition
Discovering Causal Signals in Images.
discovering causal signals
DHSNet: Deep Hierarchical Saliency Network for Salient Object Detection.
deep hierarchical saliency network	salient object detection
Multinomial processing models in visual cognitive effort diagnostics.
visual cognitive effort diagnostics	multinomial processing models
Shape discovery from unlabeled image collections.
unlabeled image collections	shape discovery
iCaRL: Incremental Classifier and Representation Learning.
representation learning	incremental classifier
RATM: Recurrent Attentive Tracking Model.
recurrent attentive tracking model
Randomized Max-Margin Compositions for Visual Recognition.
randomized max-margin compositions	visual recognition
Clique-graph matching by preserving global & local structure.
preserving global & local structure	clique-graph matching
Dimensionality reduction using covariance operator inverse regression.
covariance operator inverse regression	dimensionality reduction
DOPE: Distributed Optimization for Pairwise Energies.
distributed optimization	pairwise energies
Data insufficiency in sketch versus photo face recognition.
sketch versus photo face recognition	data insufficiency
Adequate reconstruction of transparent objects on a shoestring budget.
shoestring budget	adequate reconstruction	transparent objects
Latent trees for estimating intensity of Facial Action Units.
facial action units	latent trees	estimating intensity
Don't just listen, use your imagination: Leveraging visual common sense for non-visual tasks.
leveraging visual common sense	non-visual tasks
Enhanced Pictorial Structures for precise eye localization under incontrolled conditions.
precise eye localization	enhanced pictorial structures	incontrolled conditions
Recognizing Activities via Bag of Words for Attribute Dynamics.
attribute dynamics	recognizing activities
Nearest First Traversing Graph for Simultaneous Object Tracking and Recognition.
simultaneous object tracking	traversing graph
Correcting over-exposure in photographs.
correcting over-exposure
Social Signal Processing: Understanding social interactions through nonverbal behavior analysis.
nonverbal behavior analysis	understanding social interactions	social signal processing
Articulated Gaussian kernel correlation for human pose estimation.
articulated gaussian kernel correlation	human pose estimation
Understanding image virality.
understanding image virality
Super resolution using edge prior and single image detail synthesis.
single image detail synthesis	super resolution	edge prior
Blur kernel estimation using the radon transform.
blur kernel estimation	radon transform
Linearity of each channel pixel values from a surface in and out of shadows and its applications.
channel pixel values
Perceptual Organization and Recognition of Indoor Scenes from RGB-D Images.
perceptual organization	indoor scenes
Geo-semantic segmentation.
geo-semantic segmentation
Using Hankel matrices for dynamics-based facial emotion recognition and pain detection.
dynamics-based facial emotion recognition	hankel matrices	pain detection
A branch and contract algorithm for globally optimal fundamental matrix estimation.
globally optimal fundamental matrix estimation	contract algorithm
Robust sparse coding for face recognition.
robust sparse coding	face recognition
Multi-oriented Text Detection with Fully Convolutional Networks.
multi-oriented text detection	fully convolutional networks
Image matching in large scale indoor environment.
large scale indoor environment	image matching
Discriminative affine sparse codes for image classification.
discriminative affine sparse codes	image classification
Seeing Behind the Camera: Identifying the Authorship of a Photograph.
authorship
A rank constrained continuous formulation of multi-frame multi-target tracking problem.
multi-frame multi-target tracking problem	rank constrained continuous formulation
Linear view synthesis using a dimensionality gap light field prior.
dimensionality gap light field prior	linear view synthesis
Semantic Object Parsing with Local-Global Long Short-Term Memory.
local-global long short-term memory	semantic object parsing
A Direct and Efficient Method for Piecewise-Planar Surface Reconstruction from Stereo Images.
piecewise-planar surface reconstruction	stereo images	efficient method
Free-shape subwindow search for object localization.
free-shape subwindow search	object localization
Camera intrinsic blur kernel estimation: A reliable framework.
camera intrinsic blur kernel estimation	reliable framework
ShadowCuts: Photometric Stereo with Shadows.
photometric stereo
Learning Dynamic Event Descriptions in Image Sequences.
learning dynamic event descriptions	image sequences
Estimating 3D facial pose in video with just three points.
estimating 3d facial pose
Class consistent multi-modal fusion with binary features.
class consistent multi-modal fusion	binary features
On the use of independent tasks for face recognition.
face recognition	independent tasks
Kernel-based learning of cast shadows from a physical model of light sources and surfaces for low-level segmentation.
light sources	low-level segmentation	physical model	kernel-based learning	cast shadows
A Probabilistic Framework for Multitarget Tracking with Mutual Occlusions.
probabilistic framework	mutual occlusions	multitarget tracking
Multi-source Deep Learning for Human Pose Estimation.
multi-source deep learning	human pose estimation
Frequency-tuned salient region detection.
frequency-tuned salient region detection
Object-Centric Anomaly Detection by Attribute-Based Reasoning.
object-centric anomaly detection	attribute-based reasoning
A consumer video search system by audio-visual concept classification.
consumer video search system	audio-visual concept classification
Shape evolution for rigid and nonrigid shape registration and recovery.
nonrigid shape registration	shape evolution
Real-Time 3D multi-person tracking using Monte Carlo Surface Sampling.
monte carlo surface sampling	real-time 3d multi-person tracking
Spatiotemporal Bundle Adjustment for Dynamic 3D Reconstruction.
spatiotemporal bundle adjustment	dynamic 3d reconstruction
Towards automated large scale discovery of image families.
automated large scale discovery	image families
Understanding and predicting importance in images.
predicting importance
Occlusion detection for ICAO compliant facial photographs.
icao compliant facial photographs	occlusion detection
Multimodal Spontaneous Emotion Corpus for Human Behavior Analysis.
multimodal spontaneous emotion corpus	human behavior analysis
Spatiotemporal Deformable Part Models for Action Detection.
spatiotemporal deformable part models	action detection
Human age estimation: What is the influence across race and gender?
human age estimation
AdaScan: Adaptive Scan Pooling in Deep Convolutional Neural Networks for Human Action Recognition in Videos.
deep convolutional neural networks	adaptive scan pooling	human action recognition
Texture classification with a dictionary of basic image features.
basic image features	texture classification
Video-Story Composition via Plot Analysis.
plot analysis	video-story composition
Light Field Reconstruction Using Deep Convolutional Network on EPI.
light field reconstruction	deep convolutional network
Subspace analysis of arbitrarily many linear filter responses with an application to face tracking.
linear filter responses	subspace analysis	face tracking
Intrinsic Grassmann Averages for Online Linear and Robust Subspace Learning.
intrinsic grassmann averages	robust subspace learning	online linear
Online Asymmetric Similarity Learning for Cross-Modal Retrieval.
online asymmetric similarity learning	cross-modal retrieval
Histograms of Pattern Sets for Image Classification and Object Recognition.
pattern sets	object recognition	image classification
The CASIA NIR-VIS 2.0 Face Database.
0 face database	casia nir-vis 2
Lost But Found? Harnessing the Internet for Photometric Completion.
photometric completion
Active sample selection and correction propagation on a gradually-augmented graph.
active sample selection	correction propagation	gradually-augmented graph
Real-time embedded age and gender classification in unconstrained video.
real-time embedded age	gender classification	unconstrained video
In defense of orthonormality constraints for nonrigid structure from motion.
nonrigid structure	orthonormality constraints
Variational shape detection in microscope images based on joint shape and image feature statistics.
microscope images based	image feature statistics	variational shape detection	joint shape
Dense Captioning with Joint Inference and Visual Context.
visual context	dense captioning	joint inference
Iterative Multilevel MRF Leveraging Context and Voxel Information for Brain Tumour Segmentation in MRI.
iterative multilevel mrf leveraging context	brain tumour segmentation	voxel information
Tell Me What You See and I Will Show You Where It Is.
show
A Practical Method for Fully Automatic Intrinsic Camera Calibration Using Directionally Encoded Light.
fully automatic intrinsic camera calibration	directionally encoded light	practical method
COSTA: Co-Occurrence Statistics for Zero-Shot Classification.
zero-shot classification	co-occurrence statistics
Five Shades of Grey for Fast and Reliable Camera Pose Estimation.
reliable camera pose estimation
Actor-Action Semantic Segmentation with Grouping Process Models.
grouping process models	actor-action semantic segmentation
ER3: A Unified Framework for Event Retrieval, Recognition and Recounting.
event retrieval	unified framework
Deep Features or Not: Temperature and Time Prediction in Outdoor Scenes.
time prediction	deep features	outdoor scenes
100+ Times Faster Weighted Median Filter (WMF).
100+ times faster weighted median filter
Remote and head-motion-free gaze tracking for real environments with automated head-eye model calibrations.
automated head-eye model calibrations	head-motion-free gaze tracking	real environments
Fixation and Saccade Based Face Recognition from Single Image per Person with Various Occlusions and Expressions.
saccade based face recognition	single image
Biased normalized cuts.
biased normalized cuts
Predicting image matching using affine distortion models.
affine distortion models	predicting image matching
Small codes and large image databases for recognition.
large image databases	small codes
Extrinsic and depth calibration of ToF-cameras.
depth calibration
CityPersons: A Diverse Dataset for Pedestrian Detection.
diverse dataset	pedestrian detection
Supervised descriptor learning for multi-output regression.
supervised descriptor learning	multi-output regression
Harmony in Motion.
motion
Online domain adaptation of a pre-trained cascade of classifiers.
online domain adaptation	pre-trained cascade
Generation and Comprehension of Unambiguous Object Descriptions.
unambiguous object descriptions
Private Content Based Image Retrieval.
private content based image retrieval
Using circular statistics for trajectory shape analysis.
trajectory shape analysis	circular statistics
Discriminative tag learning on YouTube videos with latent sub-tags.
discriminative tag learning	latent sub-tags	youtube videos
Vital sign estimation from passive thermal video.
passive thermal video	vital sign estimation
Functional categorization of objects using real-time markerless motion capture.
real-time markerless motion capture	functional categorization
Local Layering for Joint Motion Estimation and Occlusion Detection.
joint motion estimation	local layering	occlusion detection
Co-occurrence Filter.
co-occurrence filter
Bayesian Active Appearance Models.
bayesian active appearance models
Evaluation of low-level features and their combinations for complex event detection in open source videos.
open source videos	complex event detection	low-level features
A fast nearest neighbor search algorithm by nonlinear embedding.
fast nearest neighbor search algorithm	nonlinear embedding
Rolling shutter motion deblurring.
rolling shutter motion deblurring
Unsupervised Abnormal Crowd Activity Detection Using Semiparametric Scan Statistic.
unsupervised abnormal crowd activity detection	semiparametric scan statistic
PISA: Pixelwise Image Saliency by Aggregating Complementary Appearance Contrast Measures with Spatial Priors.
aggregating complementary appearance contrast measures	pixelwise image saliency	spatial priors
Unsupervised Clustering using Multi-Resolution Perceptual Grouping.
multi-resolution perceptual grouping	unsupervised clustering
Nested motion descriptors.
nested motion descriptors
Mapping Natural Image Patches by Explicit and Implicit Manifolds.
mapping natural image patches	implicit manifolds
A Minutiae-based Fingerprint Individuality Model.
minutiae-based fingerprint individuality model
Supervised Semantic Gradient Extraction Using Linear-Time Optimization.
supervised semantic gradient extraction	linear-time optimization
A rapidly deployable virtual presence extended defense system.
rapidly deployable virtual presence extended defense system
Deep neural networks are easily fooled: High confidence predictions for unrecognizable images.
deep neural networks	high confidence predictions	unrecognizable images	easily fooled
Temporal Residual Networks for Dynamic Scene Recognition.
temporal residual networks	dynamic scene recognition
Orientational Pyramid Matching for Recognizing Indoor Scenes.
orientational pyramid matching	recognizing indoor scenes
Morphable Reflectance Fields for enhancing face recognition.
enhancing face recognition	morphable reflectance fields
Robust Subspace Segmentation with Block-Diagonal Prior.
robust subspace segmentation	block-diagonal prior
Coupled information-theoretic encoding for face photo-sketch recognition.
face photo-sketch recognition	coupled information-theoretic encoding
Subspace Clustering via Variance Regularized Ridge Regression.
variance regularized ridge regression	subspace clustering
Probabilistic Labeling Cost for High-Accuracy Multi-view Reconstruction.
high-accuracy multi-view reconstruction	probabilistic labeling cost
iLab-20M: A Large-Scale Controlled Object Dataset to Investigate Deep Learning.
large-scale controlled object dataset	investigate deep learning
Social Scene Understanding: End-to-End Multi-person Action Localization and Collective Activity Recognition.
end-to-end multi-person action localization	collective activity recognition	social scene understanding
Superpixel Estimation for Hyperspectral Imagery.
hyperspectral imagery	superpixel estimation
Locally adaptive learning for translation-variant MRF image priors.
translation-variant mrf image priors	locally adaptive learning
Fully convolutional networks for semantic segmentation.
fully convolutional networks	semantic segmentation
Fast block based local motion estimation for video stabilization.
fast block based local motion estimation	video stabilization
Multi-scale Kernel Operators for Reflection and Rotation Symmetry: Further Achievements.
multi-scale kernel operators	rotation symmetry
How Hard Can It Be? Estimating the Difficulty of Visual Search in an Image.
visual search
Visual tracking decomposition.
visual tracking decomposition
Action Recognition by Hierarchical Sequence Summarization.
hierarchical sequence summarization	action recognition
Epitomic location recognition.
epitomic location recognition
Online visual vocabulary pruning using pairwise constraints.
online visual vocabulary pruning	pairwise constraints
Beyond the graphs: Semi-parametric semi-supervised discriminant analysis.
semi-parametric semi-supervised discriminant analysis
Maximum weight cliques with mutex constraints for video object segmentation.
maximum weight cliques	video object segmentation	mutex constraints
Online Learning for Human-Robot Interaction.
online learning	human-robot interaction
LCR-Net: Localization-Classification-Regression for Human Pose.
human pose
Slow Flow: Exploiting High-Speed Cameras for Accurate and Diverse Optical Flow Reference Data.
diverse optical flow reference data	exploiting high-speed cameras	slow flow
Okutama-Action: An Aerial View Video Dataset for Concurrent Human Action Detection.
concurrent human action detection	aerial view video dataset
Persistent People Tracking and Face Capture over a Wide Area.
persistent people tracking	wide area	face capture
Multimodal Whole Brain Registration: MRI and High Resolution Histology.
high resolution histology	brain registration
Fast concurrent object localization and recognition.
fast concurrent object localization
A complete, automatic procedure for pottery documentation and analysis.
automatic procedure	pottery documentation
Learning from ambiguously labeled images.
ambiguously labeled images
Scene classification with low-dimensional semantic spaces and weak supervision.
low-dimensional semantic spaces	scene classification	weak supervision
Real time robust L1 tracker using accelerated proximal gradient approach.
real time robust l1 tracker	accelerated proximal gradient approach
Adaptive object tracking by learning background context.
adaptive object tracking	learning background context
Geometric modeling of rigid and non-rigid 3D shapes using the global geodesic function.
non-rigid 3d shapes	global geodesic function	geometric modeling
A probabilistic representation for efficient large scale visual recognition tasks.
efficient large scale visual recognition tasks	probabilistic representation
SAVE: A framework for semantic annotation of visual events.
semantic annotation	visual events
Unsupervised learning of probabilistic object models (POMs) for object classification, segmentation and recognition.
probabilistic object models	object classification	unsupervised learning
Physically-Based Rendering for Indoor Scene Understanding Using Convolutional Neural Networks.
indoor scene understanding	convolutional neural networks	physically-based rendering
Optical Computing System for Fast Non-uniform Image Deblurring.
fast non-uniform image deblurring	optical computing system
Hedging your bets: Optimizing accuracy-specificity trade-offs in large scale visual recognition.
large scale visual recognition	optimizing accuracy-specificity trade-offs
Joint Geodesic Upsampling of Depth Images.
joint geodesic upsampling	depth images
BigHand2.2M Benchmark: Hand Pose Dataset and State of the Art Analysis.
hand pose dataset	2m benchmark	art analysis
Leveraging Deep Reinforcement Learning for Reaching Robotic Tasks.
leveraging deep reinforcement learning	reaching robotic tasks
Unified Face Analysis by Iterative Multi-output Random Forests.
iterative multi-output random forests	unified face analysis
Dynamic batch mode active learning.
dynamic batch mode active learning
Non-rigid Structure from Motion with Diffusion Maps Prior.
diffusion maps prior	non-rigid structure
Selecting an Optimized COTS Filter Set for Multispectral Plenoptic Sensing.
optimized cots filter set	multispectral plenoptic sensing
Spatially Binned ROC: A Comprehensive Saliency Metric.
spatially binned roc	comprehensive saliency metric
Instance-Level Salient Object Segmentation.
instance-level salient object segmentation
A Genetic Algorithm-Based Solver for Very Large Jigsaw Puzzles.
large jigsaw puzzles	genetic algorithm-based solver
Occlusion boundary detection and figure/ground assignment from optical flow.
occlusion boundary detection	optical flow	figure/ground assignment
Binarized Convolutional Neural Networks with Separable Filters for Efficient Hardware Acceleration.
binarized convolutional neural networks	efficient hardware acceleration	separable filters
Deep Outdoor Illumination Estimation.
deep outdoor illumination estimation
Integrating Global and Local Structures: A Least Squares Framework for Dimensionality Reduction.
local structures	integrating global	squares framework	dimensionality reduction
A large-scale car dataset for fine-grained categorization and verification.
large-scale car dataset	fine-grained categorization
Dense iterative contextual pixel classification using Kriging.
dense iterative contextual pixel classification
On Compressing Deep Models by Low Rank and Sparse Decomposition.
compressing deep models	low rank	sparse decomposition
Projected texture for hand geometry based authentication.
hand geometry based authentication	projected texture
Adaptive Partial Differential Equation Learning for Visual Saliency Detection.
adaptive partial differential equation learning	visual saliency detection
Depth from Defocus in the Wild.
defocus
Scaled Motion Dynamics for Markerless Motion Capture.
scaled motion dynamics	markerless motion capture
3D LayoutCRF for Multi-View Object Class Recognition and Segmentation.
multi-view object class recognition	3d layoutcrf
Similarity Learning with Spatial Constraints for Person Re-identification.
similarity learning	person re-identification	spatial constraints
Noising versus Smoothing for Vertex Identification in Unknown Shapes.
noising versus smoothing	unknown shapes	vertex identification
Recognizing human-vehicle interactions from aerial video without training.
recognizing human-vehicle interactions	aerial video
Understanding image structure via hierarchical shape parsing.
hierarchical shape parsing	understanding image structure
Adaptive linear predictors for real-time tracking.
adaptive linear predictors	real-time tracking
Event-driven stereo matching for real-time 3D panoramic vision.
real-time 3d panoramic vision	event-driven stereo matching
Space-time super-resolution from a single video.
single video	space-time super-resolution
Learning invariant features through topographic filter maps.
learning invariant features	topographic filter maps
Traditional saliency reloaded: A good old model in new shape.
traditional saliency reloaded
Object proposal by multi-branch hierarchical segmentation.
multi-branch hierarchical segmentation	object proposal
Viewing direction estimation based on 3D eyeball construction for HRI.
viewing direction estimation based	3d eyeball construction
Learning to Estimate and Remove Non-uniform Image Blur.
remove non-uniform image blur
A Multigraph Representation for Improved Unsupervised/Semi-supervised Learning of Human Actions.
improved unsupervised/semi-supervised learning	multigraph representation	human actions
Visual stem mapping and Geometric Tense coding for Augmented Visual Vocabulary.
augmented visual vocabulary	visual stem mapping	geometric tense coding
Scalable classifiers for Internet vision tasks.
internet vision tasks	scalable classifiers
Style Finder: Fine-Grained Clothing Style Detection and Retrieval.
fine-grained clothing style detection	style finder
Binary Code Ranking with Weighted Hamming Distance.
weighted hamming distance	binary code ranking
Unsupervised learning of human perspective context using ME-DT for efficient human detection in surveillance.
efficient human detection	human perspective context	unsupervised learning
Conditional density learning via regression with application to deformable shape segmentation.
conditional density learning	deformable shape segmentation
Automatic Feature Learning for Robust Shadow Detection.
robust shadow detection	automatic feature learning
Design and calibration of a multi-view TOF sensor fusion system.
multi-view tof sensor fusion system
Tracking by Natural Language Specification.
natural language specification
Spatio-temporal consistency and distributivity as qualities of features.
spatio-temporal consistency
ArtTrack: Articulated Multi-Person Tracking in the Wild.
articulated multi-person tracking
Supervised mid-level features for word image representation.
word image representation	supervised mid-level features
Episode-Based Active Learning with Bayesian Neural Networks.
bayesian neural networks	episode-based active learning
Exploiting 2D Floorplan for Building-Scale Panorama RGBD Alignment.
building-scale panorama rgbd alignment	exploiting 2d floorplan
Semantic Channels for Fast Pedestrian Detection.
fast pedestrian detection	semantic channels
3D Menagerie: Modeling the 3D Shape and Pose of Animals.
3d menagerie	3d shape
3D skeletal reconstruction from low-resolution multi-view images.
3d skeletal reconstruction	low-resolution multi-view images
Object segmentation by alignment of poselet activations to image contours.
image contours	poselet activations	object segmentation
Ranking and retrieval of image sequences from multiple paragraph queries.
multiple paragraph queries	image sequences
Fast and robust CAMShift tracking.
robust camshift tracking
Real-time learning of accurate patch rectification.
accurate patch rectification	real-time learning
A passive stereo system for 3D human face reconstruction and recognition at a distance.
3d human face reconstruction	passive stereo system
An Introduction to the 3rd Workshop on Egocentric (First-Person) Vision.
3rd workshop
Generalized Pupil-centric Imaging and Analytical Calibration for a Non-frontal Camera.
generalized pupil-centric imaging	analytical calibration	non-frontal camera
Hardware implementation of an SAD based stereo vision algorithm.
sad based stereo vision algorithm	hardware implementation
Recurrent Convolutional Neural Network Regression for Continuous Pain Intensity Estimation in Video.
recurrent convolutional neural network regression	continuous pain intensity estimation
Accurate Optical Flow via Direct Cost Volume Processing.
direct cost volume processing	accurate optical flow
Symmetric multi-view stereo reconstruction from planar camera arrays.
symmetric multi-view stereo reconstruction	planar camera arrays
The Episolar Constraint: Monocular Shape from Shadow Correspondence.
shadow correspondence	monocular shape	episolar constraint
Multispectral Images Denoising by Intrinsic Tensor Sparsity Regularization.
intrinsic tensor sparsity regularization	multispectral images denoising
Functional Faces: Groupwise Dense Correspondence Using Functional Maps.
groupwise dense correspondence	functional maps	functional faces
Multi-object detection and behavior recognition from motion 3D data.
motion 3d data	multi-object detection	behavior recognition
High resolution matting via interactive trimap segmentation.
high resolution matting	interactive trimap segmentation
Adaptive region pooling for object detection.
adaptive region pooling	object detection
Salient Object Detection on Large-Scale Video Data.
salient object detection	large-scale video data
Improving the selection and detection of visual landmarks through object tracking.
object tracking	visual landmarks
Composite Models of Objects and Scenes for Category Recognition.
category recognition	composite models
CID: Combined Image Denoising in Spatial and Frequency Domains Using Web Images.
combined image denoising	frequency domains	web images
The Variational Structure of Disparity and Regularization of 4D Light Fields.
4d light fields	variational structure
3-D Tracking of shoes for Virtual Mirror applications.
virtual mirror applications
Shape prior segmentation of multiple objects with graph cuts.
shape prior segmentation	multiple objects	graph cuts
ActionVLAD: Learning Spatio-Temporal Aggregation for Action Classification.
learning spatio-temporal aggregation	action classification
DeepFashion: Powering Robust Clothes Recognition and Retrieval with Rich Annotations.
powering robust clothes recognition	rich annotations
Semantic 3D Reconstruction with Continuous Regularization and Ray Potentials Using a Visibility Consistency Constraint.
semantic 3d reconstruction	visibility consistency constraint	continuous regularization	ray potentials
Deep Hand: How to Train a CNN on 1 Million Hand Images When Your Data is Continuous and Weakly Labelled.
1 million hand images	deep hand	weakly labelled
Riemannian Analysis of Probability Density Functions with Applications in Vision.
probability density functions	riemannian analysis
Robust Separation of Reflection from Multiple Images.
robust separation	multiple images
Coupling detection and data association for multiple object tracking.
multiple object tracking	data association	coupling detection
What are good parts for hair shape modeling?
hair shape modeling	good parts
Full-Angle Quaternions for Robustly Matching Vectors of 3D Rotations.
robustly matching vectors	3d rotations	full-angle quaternions
Dynamic FAUST: Registering Human Bodies in Motion.
registering human bodies	dynamic faust
Summarizing visual data using bidirectional similarity.
summarizing visual data	bidirectional similarity
One-shot scanning method using an unealibrated projector and camera system.
one-shot scanning method	unealibrated projector	camera system
Measuring camera translation by the dominant apical angle.
dominant apical angle	measuring camera translation
Exploration of Social and Web Image Search Results Using Tensor Decomposition.
web image search results	tensor decomposition
Self-Paced Learning for Long-Term Tracking.
long-term tracking	self-paced learning
HINDSITE: A user-interactive framework for fragment assembly.
user-interactive framework	fragment assembly
Collective Activity Detection Using Hinge-loss Markov Random Fields.
hinge-loss markov random fields	collective activity detection
Beyond Point Clouds: Scene Understanding by Reasoning Geometry and Physics.
point clouds	scene understanding	reasoning geometry
Hybrid multi-view reconstruction by Jump-Diffusion.
hybrid multi-view reconstruction
Hybrid fusion for biometrics: Combining score-level and decision-level fusion.
decision-level fusion	combining score-level	hybrid fusion
Data fusion through cross-modality metric learning using similarity-sensitive hashing.
cross-modality metric learning	similarity-sensitive hashing	data fusion
Object Detection from Video Tubelets with Convolutional Neural Networks.
convolutional neural networks	video tubelets	object detection
3D Reconstruction from Accidental Motion.
accidental motion	3d reconstruction
Multi-view Supervision for Single-View Reconstruction via Differentiable Ray Consistency.
differentiable ray consistency	single-view reconstruction	multi-view supervision
Submodular decomposition framework for inference in associative Markov networks with global constraints.
associative markov networks	submodular decomposition framework	global constraints
Biometric binary string generation with detection rate optimized bit allocation.
detection rate optimized bit allocation	biometric binary string generation
Towards a practical face recognition system: Robust registration and illumination by sparse representation.
practical face recognition system	sparse representation	robust registration
Alignment of 3D point clouds to overhead images.
3d point clouds	overhead images
Submodular dictionary learning for sparse coding.
submodular dictionary learning	sparse coding
Target Trajectory Prediction in PTZ Camera Networks.
target trajectory prediction	ptz camera networks
Detecting multiple moving objects in crowded environments with coherent motion regions.
detecting multiple moving objects	coherent motion regions	crowded environments
Diffusion Processes for Retrieval Revisited.
diffusion processes	retrieval revisited
Mining compositional features for boosting.
mining compositional features
Athlete Pose Estimation from Monocular TV Sports Footage.
monocular tv sports footage	athlete pose estimation
Interactive display of image details using a camera-coupled mobile projector.
camera-coupled mobile projector	image details	interactive display
Learning signs from subtitles: A weakly supervised approach to sign language recognition.
sign language recognition	weakly supervised approach	learning signs
Robust Energy Minimization for BRDF-Invariant Shape from Light Fields.
robust energy minimization	light fields	brdf-invariant shape
Combining attributes and Fisher vectors for efficient image retrieval.
efficient image retrieval	fisher vectors	combining attributes
Multiple Class Segmentation Using A Unified Framework over Mean-Shift Patches.
multiple class segmentation	mean-shift patches	unified framework
Combining randomization and discrimination for fine-grained image categorization.
fine-grained image categorization	combining randomization
Simultaneous self-calibration of a projector and a camera using structured light.
structured light	simultaneous self-calibration
Prostate Segmentation in CT Images via Spatial-Constrained Transductive Lasso.
spatial-constrained transductive lasso	ct images	prostate segmentation
Anatomical parts-based regression using non-negative matrix factorization.
non-negative matrix factorization	anatomical parts-based regression
Predicting eye fixations using convolutional neural networks.
predicting eye fixations	convolutional neural networks
Facial Expression Biometrics Using Tracker Displacement Features.
facial expression biometrics	tracker displacement features
Illumination invariant feature extraction based on natural images statistics - Taking face images as an example.
illumination invariant feature extraction based	natural images statistics	taking face images
Speckle Tracking in 3D Echocardiography with Motion Coherence.
speckle tracking	3d echocardiography	motion coherence
Location-based augmented reality on mobile phones.
location-based augmented reality	mobile phones
The Menpo Facial Landmark Localisation Challenge: A Step Towards the Solution.
menpo facial landmark localisation challenge
Designing Illuminant Spectral Power Distributions for Surface Classification.
designing illuminant spectral power distributions	surface classification
Style transfer matrix learning for writer adaptation.
style transfer matrix learning	writer adaptation
Non-refractive modulators for encoding and capturing scene appearance and depth.
capturing scene appearance	non-refractive modulators
Domain Adaptation by Mixture of Alignments of Second-or Higher-Order Scatter Tensors.
higher-order scatter tensors	domain adaptation
Learning to Co-Generate Object Proposals with a Deep Structured Network.
deep structured network	co-generate object proposals
Anomaly detection in extremely crowded scenes using spatio-temporal motion pattern models.
spatio-temporal motion pattern models	extremely crowded scenes	anomaly detection
Real time motion capture using a single time-of-flight camera.
real time motion capture	single time-of-flight camera
Fast Rotation Search with Stereographic Projections for 3D Registration.
fast rotation search	3d registration	stereographic projections
Real time head pose tracking from multiple cameras with a generic model.
real time head pose tracking	multiple cameras	generic model
Deep Learning for Domain-Specific Action Recognition in Tennis.
domain-specific action recognition	deep learning
Robust stereo with flash and no-flash image pairs.
no-flash image pairs	robust stereo
Deep Pyramidal Residual Networks.
deep pyramidal residual networks
Unsupervised Activity Perception by Hierarchical Bayesian Models.
hierarchical bayesian models	unsupervised activity perception
Photometric Ambient Occlusion.
photometric ambient occlusion
The light-path less traveled.
light-path
Evaluation of constructable match cost measures for stereo correspondence using cluster ranking.
constructable match cost measures	cluster ranking	stereo correspondence
Towards Automated Understanding of Student-Tutor Interactions Using Visual Deictic Gestures.
visual deictic gestures	student-tutor interactions	automated understanding
Fast Patch-Based Denoising Using Approximated Patch Geodesic Paths.
approximated patch geodesic paths	fast patch-based denoising
Learning Deep CNN Denoiser Prior for Image Restoration.
learning deep cnn denoiser prior	image restoration
Periocular region appearance cues for biometric identification.
periocular region appearance cues	biometric identification
Facial Attributes Classification Using Multi-task Representation Learning.
facial attributes classification	multi-task representation learning
Efficient Tensor Voting with 3D tensorial harmonics.
3d tensorial harmonics	efficient tensor voting
Flash Cut: Foreground Extraction with Flash and No-flash Image Pairs.
no-flash image pairs	foreground extraction
Robust image alignment with multiple feature descriptors and matching-guided neighborhoods.
multiple feature descriptors	robust image alignment	matching-guided neighborhoods
Smoothing-based Optimization.
smoothing-based optimization
Deep semantic ranking based hashing for multi-label image retrieval.
deep semantic ranking based hashing	multi-label image retrieval
Hierarchical particle filtering for 3D hand tracking.
3d hand tracking	hierarchical particle filtering
Group MAD Competition? A New Methodology to Compare Objective Image Quality Models.
compare objective image quality models	group mad competition
Fully-Connected CRFs with Non-Parametric Pairwise Potential.
non-parametric pairwise potential	fully-connected crfs
Accurate Single Stage Detector Using Recurrent Rolling Convolution.
accurate single stage detector	recurrent rolling convolution
Automated quantitative description of spiral galaxy arm-segment structure.
spiral galaxy arm-segment structure	automated quantitative description
Recognizing Activities of Daily Living with a Wrist-Mounted Camera.
recognizing activities	wrist-mounted camera	daily living
An Embodied User Interface for Increasing Physical Activities in Game.
increasing physical activities	embodied user interface
Graph-shifts: Natural image labeling by dynamic hierarchical computing.
natural image labeling	dynamic hierarchical computing
Improving Pairwise Ranking for Multi-label Image Classification.
improving pairwise ranking	multi-label image classification
Multi-view reconstruction for projector camera systems based on bundle adjustment.
projector camera systems based	bundle adjustment	multi-view reconstruction
Exemplar Hidden Markov Models for classification of facial expressions in videos.
exemplar hidden markov models	facial expressions
A content-based video copy detection method with randomly projected binary features.
content-based video copy detection method	randomly projected binary features
Motion estimation for multi-camera systems using global optimization.
multi-camera systems	motion estimation	global optimization
Weakly-supervised hashing in kernel space.
weakly-supervised hashing	kernel space
ScribbleSup: Scribble-Supervised Convolutional Networks for Semantic Segmentation.
scribble-supervised convolutional networks	semantic segmentation
Occlusion reasoning for object detection under arbitrary viewpoint.
occlusion reasoning	object detection	arbitrary viewpoint
Face verification using sparse representations.
sparse representations	face verification
Interleaved text/image Deep Mining on a large-scale radiology database.
interleaved text/image deep mining	large-scale radiology database
The Surfacing of Multiview 3D Drawings via Lofting and Occlusion Reasoning.
multiview 3d drawings	occlusion reasoning
You Only Look Once: Unified, Real-Time Object Detection.
real-time object detection
Improving an Object Detector and Extracting Regions Using Superpixels.
object detector	extracting regions
Online Multi-object Tracking Based on Hierarchical Association Framework.
online multi-object tracking based	hierarchical association framework
Uncalibrated Photometric Stereo by Stepwise Optimization Using Principal Components of Isotropic BRDFs.
uncalibrated photometric stereo	principal components	stepwise optimization	isotropic brdfs
Cross-View Action Recognition via a Continuous Virtual Path.
continuous virtual path	cross-view action recognition
Improving face recognition with a quality-based probabilistic framework.
quality-based probabilistic framework	improving face recognition
A Principled Deep Random Field Model for Image Segmentation.
principled deep random field model	image segmentation
Incorporating User Interaction and Topological Constraints within Contour Completion via Discrete Calculus.
incorporating user interaction	discrete calculus	contour completion	topological constraints
Articulated and Restricted Motion Subspaces and Their Signatures.
restricted motion subspaces
SimpleElastix: A User-Friendly, Multi-lingual Library for Medical Image Registration.
medical image registration	multi-lingual library
Probability occupancy maps for occluded depth images.
occluded depth images	probability occupancy maps
Depth image enhancement using local tangent plane approximations.
local tangent plane approximations	depth image enhancement
Efficient Action Localization with Approximately Normalized Fisher Vectors.
approximately normalized fisher vectors	efficient action localization
Seeing the Forest from the Trees: A Holistic Approach to Near-Infrared Heterogeneous Face Recognition.
near-infrared heterogeneous face recognition	holistic approach
Globally optimal pixel labeling algorithms for tree metrics.
globally optimal pixel labeling algorithms	tree metrics
3D-Assisted Coarse-to-Fine Extreme-Pose Facial Landmark Detection.
3d-assisted coarse-to-fine extreme-pose facial landmark detection
SeamSeg: Video Object Segmentation Using Patch Seams.
video object segmentation	patch seams
Sign Spotting Using Hierarchical Sequential Patterns with Temporal Intervals.
hierarchical sequential patterns	sign spotting	temporal intervals
Analysis of light transport in scattering media.
scattering media	light transport
Overcoming visual reverberations.
overcoming visual reverberations
Better Shading for Better Shape Recovery.
shape recovery
Multi-scale Fully Convolutional Network for Face Detection in the Wild.
multi-scale fully convolutional network	face detection
Combining Static Classifiers and Class Syntax Models for Logical Entity Recognition in Scanned Historical Documents.
logical entity recognition	scanned historical documents	class syntax models	combining static classifiers
Entropy-based active learning for object recognition.
entropy-based active learning	object recognition
A distribution-based approach to tracking points in velocity vector fields.
velocity vector fields	distribution-based approach	tracking points
Semantic Autoencoder for Zero-Shot Learning.
zero-shot learning	semantic autoencoder
Towards geographical referencing of monocular SLAM reconstruction using 3D city models: Application to real-time accurate vision-based localization.
real-time accurate vision-based localization	monocular slam reconstruction	3d city models	geographical referencing
Complex Non-rigid Motion 3D Reconstruction by Union of Subspaces.
complex non-rigid motion 3d reconstruction
A statistical framework for the registration of 3D knee implant components to single-plane X-ray images.
3d knee implant components	single-plane x-ray images	statistical framework
Expecting the Unexpected: Training Detectors for Unusual Pedestrians with Adversarial Imposters.
unusual pedestrians	training detectors	adversarial imposters
Active Visual Object Reconstruction using D-, E-, and T-Optimal Next Best Views.
active visual object reconstruction
Learning Class-to-Image Distance with Object Matchings.
learning class-to-image distance	object matchings
Stereo under Sequential Optimal Sampling: A Statistical Analysis Framework for Search Space Reduction.
sequential optimal sampling	statistical analysis framework	search space reduction
Use of Active Appearance Models for analysis and synthesis of naturally occurring behavior.
active appearance models	naturally occurring behavior
Cascaded pose regression.
cascaded pose regression
Improving Person Re-identification via Pose-Aware Multi-shot Matching.
improving person re-identification	pose-aware multi-shot matching
Edge Enhanced Depth Motion Map for Dynamic Hand Gesture Recognition.
edge enhanced depth motion map	dynamic hand gesture recognition
A Framework for Joint Estimation and Guided Annotation of Facial Action Unit Intensity.
facial action unit intensity	guided annotation	joint estimation
Online Summarization via Submodular and Convex Optimization.
online summarization	convex optimization
Probabilistic multi-tensor estimation using the Tensor Distribution Function.
tensor distribution function	probabilistic multi-tensor estimation
Combining local appearance and holistic view: Dual-Source Deep Neural Networks for human pose estimation.
dual-source deep neural networks	human pose estimation	combining local appearance	holistic view
Is face recognition really a Compressive Sensing problem?
compressive sensing problem	face recognition
Learning Video Saliency from Human Gaze Using Candidate Selection.
learning video saliency	human gaze	candidate selection
Echocardiographic contour extraction with local and global priors through boosting and level sets.
echocardiographic contour extraction	level sets	global priors
Action recognition using context and appearance distribution features.
appearance distribution features	action recognition
Robust Estimation of Texture Flow via Dense Feature Sampling.
dense feature sampling	robust estimation	texture flow
Domain-size pooling in local descriptors: DSP-SIFT.
local descriptors	domain-size pooling
Global and local isometry-invariant descriptor for 3D shape comparison and partial matching.
3d shape comparison	local isometry-invariant descriptor	partial matching
An optimized DBN-based mode-focussing particle filter.
optimized dbn-based mode-focussing particle filter
Deep Hashing Network for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation.
deep hashing network	unsupervised domain adaptation
A Blind Source Separation Perspective on Image Restoration.
blind source separation perspective	image restoration
The Geometry of First-Returning Photons for Non-Line-of-Sight Imaging.
first-returning photons	non-line-of-sight imaging
Robust Scene Text Recognition with Automatic Rectification.
robust scene text recognition	automatic rectification
Stereo Vision Algorithms for FPGAs.
stereo vision algorithms
Group MRF for fMRI activation detection.
fmri activation detection	group mrf
Unrolling Loopy Top-Down Semantic Feedback in Convolutional Deep Networks.
unrolling loopy top-	convolutional deep networks	semantic feedback
Global Context-Aware Attention LSTM Networks for 3D Action Recognition.
global context-aware attention lstm networks	3d action recognition
Descriptor free visual indoor localization with line segments.
descriptor free visual indoor localization	line segments
Discriminative Sparse Inverse Covariance Matrix: Application in Brain Functional Network Classification.
discriminative sparse inverse covariance matrix	brain functional network classification
A Variational Approach to the Evolution of Radial Basis Functions for Image Segmentation.
radial basis functions	variational approach	image segmentation
Noise-Blind Image Deblurring.
noise-blind image deblurring
Exploiting Monge structures in optimum subwindow search.
exploiting monge structures	optimum subwindow search
Diffeomorphic sulcal shape analysis for cortical surface registration.
diffeomorphic sulcal shape analysis	cortical surface registration
View-invariant dynamic texture recognition using a bag of dynamical systems.
view-invariant dynamic texture recognition	dynamical systems
Teaching Compositionality to CNNs.
teaching compositionality
A General and Simple Method for Camera Pose and Focal Length Determination.
focal length determination	camera pose	simple method
Video segmentation by tracing discontinuities in a trajectory embedding.
video segmentation	trajectory embedding	tracing discontinuities
Bi-label Propagation for Generic Multiple Object Tracking.
generic multiple object tracking	bi-label propagation
Unite the People: Closing the Loop Between 3D and 2D Human Representations.
2d human representations
Visual map matching and localization using a global feature map.
visual map matching	global feature map
Super Normal Vector for Activity Recognition Using Depth Sequences.
super normal vector	activity recognition	depth sequences
Locally Assembled Binary (LAB) feature with feature-centric cascade for fast and accurate face detection.
locally assembled binary	accurate face detection	feature-centric cascade
Efficient Global Point Cloud Alignment Using Bayesian Nonparametric Mixtures.
efficient global point cloud alignment	bayesian nonparametric mixtures
Latent Regression Forest: Structured Estimation of 3D Articulated Hand Posture.
3d articulated hand posture	latent regression forest	structured estimation
Tracking articulated bodies using Generalized Expectation Maximization.
generalized expectation maximization	tracking articulated bodies
Detecting Visual Relationships with Deep Relational Networks.
deep relational networks	detecting visual relationships
A census-based stereo vision algorithm using modified Semi-Global Matching and plane fitting to improve matching quality.
census-based stereo vision algorithm	modified semi-global matching	improve matching quality	plane fitting
Enforcing stochastic inverse consistency in non-rigid image registration and matching.
enforcing stochastic inverse consistency	non-rigid image registration
Background subtraction: Experiments and improvements for ViBe.
background subtraction
Synthesizing oil painting surface geometry from a single photograph.
synthesizing oil painting surface geometry	single photograph
Segmentation of multiple, partially occluded objects by grouping, merging, assigning part detection responses.
assigning part detection responses	partially occluded objects
3D stochastic completion fields for fiber tractography.
3d stochastic completion fields	fiber tractography
Semi-supervised SVM batch mode active learning for image retrieval.
semi-supervised svm batch mode active learning	image retrieval
Counting Everyday Objects in Everyday Scenes.
counting everyday objects	everyday scenes
Deep convolutional neural fields for depth estimation from a single image.
deep convolutional neural fields	depth estimation	single image
Automated segmentation of iris images using visible wavelength face images.
visible wavelength face images	iris images	automated segmentation
Grouplet: A structured image representation for recognizing human and object interactions.
structured image representation	object interactions	recognizing human
Denoising vs. deblurring: HDR imaging techniques using moving cameras.
hdr imaging techniques	moving cameras
Learning Fine-Grained Image Similarity with Deep Ranking.
learning fine-grained image similarity	deep ranking
Canonical Face Depth Map: A Robust 3D Representation for Face Verification.
canonical face depth map	robust 3d representation	face verification
Fast texture segmentation model based on the shape operator and active contour.
fast texture segmentation model based	active contour	shape operator
Transform coding for fast approximate nearest neighbor search in high dimensions.
fast approximate nearest neighbor search	high dimensions	transform coding
Learning an efficient model of hand shape variation from depth images.
hand shape variation	depth images	efficient model
Submodular Salient Region Detection.
submodular salient region detection
Learning Deep Representation for Imbalanced Classification.
learning deep representation	imbalanced classification
Projector optical distortion calibration using Gray code patterns.
projector optical distortion calibration	gray code patterns
The More You Know: Using Knowledge Graphs for Image Classification.
image classification	knowledge graphs
Fusing Local Image Descriptors for Large-Scale Image Retrieval.
fusing local image descriptors	large-scale image retrieval
Shape, albedo, and illumination from a single image of an unknown object.
unknown object	single image
Non-linear IR Scene Prediction for Range Video Surveillance.
non-linear ir scene prediction	range video surveillance
Linear solution to scale and rotation invariant object matching.
rotation invariant object matching	linear solution
Robust photometric stereo using sparse regression.
robust photometric stereo	sparse regression
Learning Local Image Descriptors.
learning local image descriptors
A maximum entropy feature descriptor for age invariant face recognition.
age invariant face recognition	maximum entropy feature descriptor
A supervised clustering approach for extracting predictive information from brain activation images.
supervised clustering approach	extracting predictive information	brain activation images
Dense interest points.
dense interest points
Robust shadow and illumination estimation using a mixture model.
robust shadow	illumination estimation	mixture model
Weighted-Entropy-Based Quantization for Deep Neural Networks.
deep neural networks	weighted-entropy-based quantization
2016 IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, CVPR 2016, Las Vegas, NV, USA, June 27-30, 2016
pattern recognition	2016 ieee conference	computer vision	las vegas	june 27-30
A coding scheme for indexing multimodal biometric databases.
indexing multimodal biometric databases	coding scheme
Towards Efficient and Exact MAP-Inference for Large Scale Discrete Computer Vision Problems via Combinatorial Optimization.
large scale discrete computer vision problems	combinatorial optimization	exact map-inference
On the Spacetime Geometry of Galilean Cameras.
spacetime geometry	galilean cameras
Hallucinating Very Low-Resolution Unaligned and Noisy Face Images by Transformative Discriminative Autoencoders.
noisy face images	transformative discriminative autoencoders	low-resolution unaligned
Sparse Dictionary Learning for Edit Propagation of High-Resolution Images.
sparse dictionary learning	high-resolution images	edit propagation
Model-based mapping of a nonrigid image registration algorithm to heterogeneous architectures.
nonrigid image registration algorithm	model-based mapping	heterogeneous architectures
Inference and learning with hierarchical compositional models.
hierarchical compositional models
Passive infrared technique for buried object detection and classification.
buried object detection	passive infrared technique
Joint tracking of features and edges.
joint tracking
InterActive: Inter-Layer Activeness Propagation.
inter-layer activeness propagation
WELDON: Weakly Supervised Learning of Deep Convolutional Neural Networks.
deep convolutional neural networks	weakly supervised learning
Revocable Fingerprint Biotokens: Accuracy and Security Analysis.
revocable fingerprint biotokens	security analysis
GeoF: Geodesic Forests for Learning Coupled Predictors.
learning coupled predictors	geodesic forests
A robust parametric method for bias field estimation and segmentation of MR images.
robust parametric method	bias field estimation	mr images
Detecting Migrating Birds at Night.
detecting migrating birds
Structure learning in random fields for heart motion abnormality detection.
heart motion abnormality detection	random fields	structure learning
Switching Gaussian Process Dynamic Models for simultaneous composite motion tracking and recognition.
switching gaussian process dynamic models	simultaneous composite motion tracking
Connecting modalities: Semi-supervised segmentation and annotation of images using unaligned text corpora.
unaligned text corpora	semi-supervised segmentation	connecting modalities
Multi-class object tracking algorithm that handles fragmentation and grouping.
multi-class object tracking algorithm	handles fragmentation
Object Region Mining with Adversarial Erasing: A Simple Classification to Semantic Segmentation Approach.
semantic segmentation approach	object region mining	simple classification	adversarial erasing
Global and local quality measures for NIR iris video.
nir iris video	local quality measures
Recognizing Actions from Depth Cameras as Weakly Aligned Multi-part Bag-of-Poses.
weakly aligned multi-part bag-of-poses	recognizing actions	depth cameras
A smart sensor with hyperspectral/range fovea and panoramic peripheral view.
panoramic peripheral view	hyperspectral/range fovea	smart sensor
Image categorization with spatial mismatch kernels.
spatial mismatch kernels	image categorization
Deep Gaussian Conditional Random Field Network: A Model-Based Deep Network for Discriminative Denoising.
deep gaussian conditional random field network	model-based deep network	discriminative denoising
Tracking Human Pose by Tracking Symmetric Parts.
tracking symmetric parts	tracking human pose
Learning Separable Filters.
learning separable filters
Tracking objects in 6D for reconstructing static scenes.
reconstructing static scenes	tracking objects
Augmenting Bag-of-Words: Data-Driven Discovery of Temporal and Structural Information for Activity Recognition.
structural information	data-driven discovery	activity recognition	augmenting bag-of-words
Performance evaluation of state-of-the-art discrete symmetry detection algorithms.
state-of-the-art discrete symmetry detection algorithms	performance evaluation
TransientBoost: On-line boosting with transient data.
transient data	on-line boosting
Aggregating Image and Text Quantized Correlated Components.
text quantized correlated components	aggregating image
Needle-Match: Reliable Patch Matching under High Uncertainty.
reliable patch matching	high uncertainty
Structural Sparse Tracking.
structural sparse tracking
What Will I Do Next? The Intention from Motion Experiment.
motion experiment
Understanding the Nature of First-Person Videos: Characterization and Classification Using Low-Level Features.
low-level features	first-person videos
Baby talk: Understanding and generating simple image descriptions.
generating simple image descriptions	baby talk
Discriminative spatial saliency for image classification.
discriminative spatial saliency	image classification
Accurate multi-view reconstruction using robust binocular stereo and surface meshing.
accurate multi-view reconstruction	robust binocular stereo	surface meshing
Clustering Social Event Images Using Kernel Canonical Correlation Analysis.
kernel canonical correlation analysis	clustering social event images
Heterogeneous image feature integration via multi-modal spectral clustering.
heterogeneous image feature integration	multi-modal spectral clustering
Image partitioning into convex polygons.
convex polygons	image partitioning
Convolutional Neural Networks for No-Reference Image Quality Assessment.
no-reference image quality assessment	convolutional neural networks
Patch-based Image Correlation with Rapid Filtering.
patch-based image correlation	rapid filtering
HyperNet: Towards Accurate Region Proposal Generation and Joint Object Detection.
accurate region proposal generation	joint object detection
Names and shades of color for intrinsic image estimation.
intrinsic image estimation
Finding nemo: Deformable object class modelling using curve matching.
deformable object class modelling	curve matching	finding nemo
Human action recognition with extremities as semantic posture representation.
human action recognition	semantic posture representation
Spatio-temporal enhanced sparse feature selection for video saliency estimation.
spatio-temporal enhanced sparse feature selection	video saliency estimation
Deeply Exploit Depth Information for Object Detection.
deeply exploit depth information	object detection
Changedetection.net: A new change detection benchmark dataset.
change detection benchmark dataset
Rectifying rolling shutter video from hand-held devices.
rectifying rolling shutter video	hand-held devices
Sigma Set: A small second order statistical region descriptor.
order statistical region descriptor	sigma set
Automated feature extraction for early detection of diabetic retinopathy in fundus images.
automated feature extraction	diabetic retinopathy	early detection	fundus images
Efficient Training of Very Deep Neural Networks for Supervised Hashing.
deep neural networks	supervised hashing	efficient training
HERO: Human Ear Recognition against Occlusions.
human ear recognition
Efficient Piecewise Training of Deep Structured Models for Semantic Segmentation.
deep structured models	efficient piecewise training	semantic segmentation
A dual-layer estimator architecture for long-term localization.
dual-layer estimator architecture	long-term localization
Facial behaviometrics: The case of facial deformation in spontaneous smile/laughter.
spontaneous smile/laughter	facial deformation	facial behaviometrics
Radiometric calibration with illumination change for outdoor scene analysis.
outdoor scene analysis	radiometric calibration	illumination change
Stochastic representation and recognition of high-level group activities: Describing structural uncertainties in human activities.
describing structural uncertainties	high-level group activities	human activities	stochastic representation
Discriminative Cluster Refinement: Improving Object Category Recognition Given Limited Training Data.
improving object category recognition	discriminative cluster refinement	limited training data
Wrong turn - No dead end: A stochastic pedestrian motion model.
stochastic pedestrian motion model	dead end	wrong turn
Real-time pose estimation of articulated objects using low-level motion.
real-time pose estimation	low-level motion	articulated objects
A fixed viewpoint approach for dense reconstruction of transparent objects.
fixed viewpoint approach	transparent objects	dense reconstruction
Canny edge detection on NVIDIA CUDA.
canny edge detection	nvidia cuda
High-dimensional statistical distance for region-of-interest tracking: Application to combining a soft geometric constraint with radiometry.
high-dimensional statistical distance	soft geometric constraint	region-of-interest tracking
Modeling and exploiting the spatio-temporal facial action dependencies for robust spontaneous facial expression recognition.
robust spontaneous facial expression recognition	spatio-temporal facial action dependencies
Efficient Squared Curvature.
efficient squared curvature
Dealing with uncertainty in the principal directions of tensors.
principal directions
Pose search: Retrieving people using their pose.
retrieving people
Ego-motion compensated face detection on a mobile device.
ego-motion compensated face detection	mobile device
Learning to rank in person re-identification with metric ensembles.
metric ensembles	person re-identification
Minimum Delay Moving Object Detection.
minimum delay moving object detection
SPEC hashing: Similarity preserving algorithm for entropy-based coding.
similarity preserving algorithm	entropy-based coding	spec hashing
Multiple Models Fitting as a Set Coverage Problem.
set coverage problem	multiple models fitting
Random walks based multi-image segmentation: Quasiconvexity results and GPU-based solutions.
random walks based multi-image segmentation	quasiconvexity results	gpu-based solutions
Parsing human motion with stretchable models.
parsing human motion	stretchable models
Convolutional recurrent neural networks: Learning spatial dependencies for image representation.
convolutional recurrent neural networks	learning spatial dependencies	image representation
What is the spatial extent of an object?.
spatial extent
Optimal scanning for faster object detection.
faster object detection	optimal scanning
An Active Illumination and Appearance (AIA) Model for Face Alignment.
active illumination	face alignment
3D Modeling from Wide Baseline Range Scans Using Contour Coherence.
wide baseline range scans	3d modeling	contour coherence
A coarse-to-fine model for 3D pose estimation and sub-category recognition.
3d pose estimation	sub-category recognition	coarse-to-fine model
Geo-spatial aerial video processing for scene understanding and object tracking.
geo-spatial aerial video processing	scene understanding	object tracking
Elastic functional coding of human actions: From vector-fields to latent variables.
elastic functional coding	latent variables	human actions
Learning spatial weighting via quadratic programming for facial expression analysis.
learning spatial weighting	facial expression analysis	quadratic programming
Enhanced biologically inspired model.
enhanced biologically inspired model
Compact hashing with joint optimization of search accuracy and time.
joint optimization	compact hashing	search accuracy
Visibility constraints on features of 3D objects.
3d objects	visibility constraints
Extracting and locating temporal motifs in video scenes using a hierarchical non parametric Bayesian model.
parametric bayesian model	locating temporal motifs	video scenes
Optimal Relative Pose with Unknown Correspondences.
optimal relative pose	unknown correspondences
Multi-fold MIL Training for Weakly Supervised Object Localization.
weakly supervised object localization	multi-fold mil training
An online learned CRF model for multi-target tracking.
online learned crf model	multi-target tracking
A 3D Morphable Model Learnt from 10, 000 Faces.
3d morphable model learnt
Object recognition and segmentation by non-rigid quasi-dense matching.
non-rigid quasi-dense matching	object recognition
Robust Tensor Factorization with Unknown Noise.
robust tensor factorization	unknown noise
Deep Feature Interpolation for Image Content Changes.
deep feature interpolation	image content
Automatic image annotation using group sparsity.
automatic image annotation	group sparsity
Background Subtraction Using Local SVD Binary Pattern.
local svd binary pattern	background subtraction
CRAM: Compact representation of actions in movies.
compact representation
Deep Spatial-Temporal Fusion Network for Video-Based Person Re-identification.
deep spatial-temporal fusion network	video-based person re-identification
Margin-based discriminant dimensionality reduction for visual recognition.
margin-based discriminant dimensionality reduction	visual recognition
Learning the Change for Automatic Image Cropping.
automatic image cropping
Structured light 3D scanning in the presence of global illumination.
structured light 3d scanning	global illumination
Towards Robust Pedestrian Detection in Crowded Image Sequences.
robust pedestrian detection	crowded image sequences
Light Fall-off Stereo.
light fall-
Facial Affect Estimation in the Wild Using Deep Residual and Convolutional Networks.
facial affect estimation	convolutional networks	deep residual
Fast boosting trees for classification, pose detection, and boundary detection on a GPU.
fast boosting trees	pose detection	boundary detection
Hollywood 3D: Recognizing Actions in 3D Natural Scenes.
3d natural scenes	hollywood 3d	recognizing actions
ReSeg: A Recurrent Neural Network-Based Model for Semantic Segmentation.
recurrent neural network-based model	semantic segmentation
Cardiff Conversation Database (CCDb): A Database of Natural Dyadic Conversations.
natural dyadic conversations	cardiff conversation database
Modeling Image Patches with a Generic Dictionary of Mini-epitomes.
modeling image patches	generic dictionary
Exploiting spatio-temporal information for view recognition in cardiac echo videos.
cardiac echo videos	exploiting spatio-temporal information	view recognition
Relative Hidden Markov Models for Evaluating Motion Skill.
relative hidden markov models	evaluating motion skill
Video Acceleration Magnification.
video acceleration magnification
ImageNet: A large-scale hierarchical image database.
large-scale hierarchical image database
Temporal Epipolar Regions.
temporal epipolar regions
What Object Motion Reveals about Shape with Unknown BRDF and Lighting.
object motion reveals	unknown brdf
Efficient Pruning LMI Conditions for Branch-and-Prune Rank and Chirality-Constrained Estimation of the Dual Absolute Quadric.
efficient pruning lmi conditions	dual absolute quadric	branch-and-prune rank	chirality-constrained estimation
Improved Image Set Classification via Joint Sparse Approximated Nearest Subspaces.
joint sparse approximated nearest subspaces	improved image set classification
Landmark/image-based deformable registration of gene expression data.
landmark/image-based deformable registration	gene expression data
DeepCut: Joint Subset Partition and Labeling for Multi Person Pose Estimation.
multi person pose estimation	joint subset partition
Accidental pinhole and pinspeck cameras: Revealing the scene outside the picture.
accidental pinhole	pinspeck cameras
Recognition of repetitive sequential human activity.
repetitive sequential human activity
Towards privacy-preserving activity recognition using extremely low temporal and spatial resolution cameras.
spatial resolution cameras	privacy-preserving activity recognition	extremely low temporal
Deep Co-occurrence Feature Learning for Visual Object Recognition.
deep co-occurrence feature learning	visual object recognition
Exploiting global connectivity constraints for reconstruction of 3D line segments from images.
exploiting global connectivity constraints	3d line segments
Joint multi-label multi-instance learning for image classification.
joint multi-label multi-instance learning	image classification
Orientation Robust Text Line Detection in Natural Images.
orientation robust text line detection	natural images
Ordinal Regression with Multiple Output CNN for Age Estimation.
multiple output cnn	ordinal regression	age estimation
Graph-Based Discriminative Learning for Location Recognition.
graph-based discriminative learning	location recognition
Detection and velocity estimation of moving vehicles in high-resolution spaceborne synthetic aperture radar data.
high-resolution spaceborne synthetic aperture radar data	moving vehicles	velocity estimation
ARmy: A study of multi-user interaction in spatially augmented games.
spatially augmented games	multi-user interaction
Change Detection in a 3-d World.
change detection
Image search results refinement via outlier detection using deep contexts.
image search results refinement	outlier detection	deep contexts
Action-Affect-Gender Classification Using Multi-task Representation Learning.
multi-task representation learning	action-affect-gender classification
Markerless motion capture of interacting characters using multi-view image segmentation.
multi-view image segmentation	markerless motion capture	interacting characters
An analysis of using high-frequency sinusoidal illumination to measure the 3D shape of translucent objects.
high-frequency sinusoidal illumination	3d shape	translucent objects
Automatic Discovery, Association Estimation and Learning of Semantic Attributes for a Thousand Categories.
association estimation	automatic discovery	thousand categories	semantic attributes
Relaxed collaborative representation for pattern classification.
relaxed collaborative representation	pattern classification
Additive Quantization for Extreme Vector Compression.
extreme vector compression	additive quantization
A statistical deformation prior for non-rigid image and shape registration.
statistical deformation prior	shape registration	non-rigid image
A Joint Model for 2D and 3D Pose Estimation from a Single Image.
3d pose estimation	joint model	single image
A Domain Based Approach to Social Relation Recognition.
social relation recognition	domain based approach
Complex loss optimization via dual decomposition.
complex loss optimization	dual decomposition
A dynamic curvature based approach for facial activity analysis in 3D space.
dynamic curvature based approach	facial activity analysis	3d space
Weakly Supervised Object Boundaries.
weakly supervised object boundaries
Learning scene-specific pedestrian detectors without real data.
learning scene-specific pedestrian detectors	real data
FasT-Match: Fast Affine Template Matching.
fast affine template matching
What Are You Talking About? Text-to-Image Coreference.
text-to-image coreference
The World of Fast Moving Objects.
fast moving objects
Saliency Unified: A Deep Architecture for simultaneous Eye Fixation Prediction and Salient Object Segmentation.
simultaneous eye fixation prediction	salient object segmentation	deep architecture	saliency unified
On partial least squares in head pose estimation: How to simultaneously deal with misalignment.
head pose estimation	simultaneously deal
FCSS: Fully Convolutional Self-Similarity for Dense Semantic Correspondence.
fully convolutional self-similarity	dense semantic correspondence
Constrained marginal space learning for efficient 3D anatomical structure detection in medical images.
efficient 3d anatomical structure detection	constrained marginal space learning	medical images
An instance selection approach to Multiple instance Learning.
instance selection approach	multiple instance learning
On edge detection on surfaces.
edge detection
Dense 3D motion capture for human faces.
dense 3d motion capture	human faces
Real-Time Action Recognition with Enhanced Motion Vector CNNs.
enhanced motion vector cnns	real-time action recognition
Delving Deep Into Coarse-to-Fine Framework for Facial Landmark Localization.
facial landmark localization	coarse-to-fine framework	delving deep
KNN matting.
knn matting
Harmonic Networks: Deep Translation and Rotation Equivariance.
deep translation	rotation equivariance	harmonic networks
Max-margin hidden conditional random fields for human action recognition.
max-margin hidden conditional random fields	human action recognition
Human Activity Recognition Using Combinatorial Deep Belief Networks.
combinatorial deep belief networks	human activity recognition
Superpixel segmentation using Linear Spectral Clustering.
linear spectral clustering	superpixel segmentation
Face Detection, Bounding Box Aggregation and Pose Estimation for Robust Facial Landmark Localisation in the Wild.
robust facial landmark localisation	bounding box aggregation	face detection	pose estimation
Loss Functions for Top-k Error: Analysis and Insights.
loss functions
Coherent Laplacian 3-D protrusion segmentation.
coherent laplacian 3-	protrusion segmentation
You Lead, We Exceed: Labor-Free Video Concept Learning by Jointly Exploiting Web Videos and Images.
jointly exploiting web videos	labor-free video concept learning
Predicting the future behavior of a time-varying probability distribution.
time-varying probability distribution	future behavior
Real-time body motion analysis for dance pattern recognition.
real-time body motion analysis	dance pattern recognition
Constrained Clustering and Its Application to Face Clustering in Videos.
face clustering	constrained clustering
High level describable attributes for predicting aesthetics and interestingness.
high level describable attributes	predicting aesthetics
The measurement of eyestrain caused from diverse binocular disparities, viewing time and display sizes in watching stereoscopic 3D content.
watching stereoscopic 3d content	diverse binocular disparities	display sizes	eyestrain caused	viewing time
Evaluation of stereo confidence indoors and outdoors.
stereo confidence indoors
Riemannian Variance Filtering: An Independent Filtering Scheme for Statistical Tests on Manifold-Valued Data.
riemannian variance filtering	independent filtering scheme	manifold-valued data	statistical tests
Universality of wavelet-based non-homogeneous hidden Markov chain model features for hyperspectral signatures.
wavelet-based non-homogeneous hidden markov chain model features	hyperspectral signatures
Dimension-free affine shape matching through subspace invariance.
dimension-free affine shape matching	subspace invariance
Sequential Architecture for Efficient Car Detection.
efficient car detection	sequential architecture
Super-resolution texturing for online virtual globes.
online virtual globes	super-resolution texturing
Learning latent temporal structure for complex event detection.
learning latent temporal structure	complex event detection
Wetness and Color from a Single Multispectral Image.
single multispectral image
Patch to the Future: Unsupervised Visual Prediction.
unsupervised visual prediction
Re-ranking Person Re-identification with k-Reciprocal Encoding.
re-ranking person re-identification	k-reciprocal encoding
Matching Persistent Scatterers to optical oblique images.
optical oblique images	matching persistent scatterers
A Dual-Source Approach for 3D Pose Estimation from a Single Image.
3d pose estimation	single image	dual-source approach
Residual Expansion Algorithm: Fast and Effective Optimization for Nonconvex Least Squares Problems.
residual expansion algorithm	squares problems	effective optimization
Balanced Two-Stage Residual Networks for Image Super-Resolution.
balanced two-stage residual networks	image super-resolution
Geometric reasoning for single image structure recovery.
single image structure recovery	geometric reasoning
Using a Deformation Field Model for Localizing Faces and Facial Points under Weak Supervision.
deformation field model	facial points	localizing faces	weak supervision
Discriminative Sub-categorization.
discriminative sub-categorization
Combination of user- and enrollee-specific statistical information in verification systems.
enrollee-specific statistical information	verification systems
Coarse-to-fine region selection and matching.
coarse-to-fine region selection
All You Need is Beyond a Good Init: Exploring Better Solution for Training Extremely Deep Convolutional Neural Networks with Orthonormality and Modulation.
training extremely deep convolutional neural networks	good init
Localization of JPEG Double Compression Through Multi-domain Convolutional Neural Networks.
multi-domain convolutional neural networks	jpeg double compression
Learning and Calibrating Per-Location Classifiers for Visual Place Recognition.
visual place recognition	calibrating per-location classifiers
Iterative Reconstruction of Large Scenes Using Heterogeneous Feature Tracking.
heterogeneous feature tracking	large scenes	iterative reconstruction
Kernelized structural SVM learning for supervised object segmentation.
kernelized structural svm learning	supervised object segmentation
The common self-polar triangle of concentric circles and its application to camera calibration.
common self-polar triangle	concentric circles	camera calibration
Discriminative and consistent similarities in instance-level Multiple Instance Learning.
instance-level multiple instance learning	consistent similarities
Non-rigid 2D-3D pose estimation and 2D image segmentation.
non-rigid 2d-3d pose estimation	2d image segmentation
Unsupervised Multi-class Joint Image Segmentation.
unsupervised multi-class joint image segmentation
Taxonomic classification for web-based videos.
taxonomic classification	web-based videos
Gender classification from unconstrained video sequences.
unconstrained video sequences	gender classification
Unifying holistic and Parts-Based Deformable Model fitting.
parts-based deformable model fitting	unifying holistic
Learning a geometry integrated image appearance manifold from a small training set.
geometry integrated image appearance manifold	small training set
A High-Performance Hardware Architecture for a Frameless Stereo Vision Algorithm Implemented on a FPGA Platform.
frameless stereo vision algorithm implemented	high-performance hardware architecture	fpga platform
Learning Deep Match Kernels for Image-Set Classification.
learning deep match kernels	image-set classification
Are Cars Just 3D Boxes? Jointly Estimating the 3D Shape of Multiple Objects.
multiple objects	3d shape	jointly estimating	3d boxes
Robust Multi-Body Feature Tracker: A Segmentation-Free Approach.
robust multi-body feature tracker	segmentation-free approach
Low-level vision by consensus in a spatial hierarchy of regions.
low-level vision	spatial hierarchy
Visual Synset: Towards a higher-level visual representation.
higher-level visual representation	visual synset
Motion fields to predict play evolution in dynamic sport scenes.
dynamic sport scenes	predict play evolution	motion fields
Discriminative virtual views for cross-view action recognition.
cross-view action recognition	discriminative virtual views
Domain Transfer SVM for video concept detection.
domain transfer svm	video concept detection
NTU RGB+D: A Large Scale Dataset for 3D Human Activity Analysis.
3d human activity analysis	large scale dataset	ntu rgb+
Ground Truth for Pedestrian Analysis and Application to Camera Calibration.
ground truth	pedestrian analysis	camera calibration
Posture invariant surface description and feature extraction.
posture invariant surface description	feature extraction
Learning the Multilinear Structure of Visual Data.
multilinear structure	visual data
Beyond short snippets: Deep networks for video classification.
short snippets	video classification	deep networks
Tensor-Based High-Order Semantic Relation Transfer for Semantic Scene Segmentation.
tensor-based high-order semantic relation transfer	semantic scene segmentation
Deep Mixture of Linear Inverse Regressions Applied to Head-Pose Estimation.
linear inverse regressions applied	head-pose estimation	deep mixture
Improving web image search results using query-relative classifiers.
improving web image search results	query-relative classifiers
Image Registration of Very Large Images via Genetic Programming.
genetic programming	image registration	large images
Light field layer matting.
light field layer matting
Seeing into Darkness: Scotopic Visual Recognition.
scotopic visual recognition
A robust descriptor based on Weber's Law.
robust descriptor based
Real-time classification of pedestrians and cyclists for intelligent counting of non-motorized traffic.
intelligent counting	real-time classification	non-motorized traffic
Collaborative Hashing.
collaborative hashing
High-precision localization using visual landmarks fused with range data.
visual landmarks fused	high-precision localization	range data
Global refinement of random forest.
global refinement	random forest
Image deblurring and denoising using color priors.
color priors	image deblurring
Learning Random-Walk Label Propagation for Weakly-Supervised Semantic Segmentation.
learning random-walk label propagation	weakly-supervised semantic segmentation
Online Robust Dictionary Learning.
online robust dictionary learning
Depth Camera Based on Color-Coded Aperture.
depth camera based	color-coded aperture
Human hand identification with 3D hand pose variations.
3d hand pose variations	human hand identification
Comparison of combination methods utilizing T-normalization and second best score model.
combination methods utilizing t-normalization	score model
Intrinsic images decomposition using a local and global sparse representation of reflectance.
intrinsic images decomposition	global sparse representation
Dominant Codewords Selection with Topic Model for Action Recognition.
dominant codewords selection	topic model	action recognition
On learning optimized reaction diffusion processes for effective image restoration.
learning optimized reaction diffusion processes	effective image restoration
Deep Joint Rain Detection and Removal from a Single Image.
deep joint rain detection	single image
Sensor saturation in Fourier multiplexed imaging.
fourier multiplexed imaging	sensor saturation
Person Re-identification by Multi-Channel Parts-Based CNN with Improved Triplet Loss Function.
improved triplet loss function	multi-channel parts-based cnn	person re-identification
A Specialized Processor Suitable for AdaBoost-Based Detection with Haar-like Features.
specialized processor suitable	adaboost-based detection
Curriculum learning of multiple tasks.
multiple tasks	curriculum learning
Dense View Interpolation on Mobile Devices Using Focal Stacks.
dense view interpolation	focal stacks	mobile devices
Using Ripley's K-function to improve graph-based clustering techniques.
improve graph-based clustering techniques
Image Hallucination Using Neighbor Embedding over Visual Primitive Manifolds.
visual primitive manifolds	neighbor embedding	image hallucination
Tracking People across Multiple Non-overlapping RGB-D Sensors.
multiple non-overlapping rgb-	tracking people
Shape matching of repeatable interest segments in 3D point clouds.
repeatable interest segments	3d point clouds	shape matching
Aligning images in the wild.
aligning images
Semi-supervised Relational Topic Model for Weakly Annotated Image Recognition in Social Media.
semi-supervised relational topic model	weakly annotated image recognition	social media
Unconstrained realtime facial performance capture.
unconstrained realtime facial performance capture
A Novel Tensor-Based Video Rain Streaks Removal Approach via Utilizing Discriminatively Intrinsic Priors.
tensor-based video rain streaks removal approach	utilizing discriminatively intrinsic priors
Face alignment by coarse-to-fine shape searching.
coarse-to-fine shape searching	face alignment
Human activity recognition in video using a hierarchical probabilistic latent model.
hierarchical probabilistic latent model	human activity recognition
Visual Semantic Search: Retrieving Videos via Complex Textual Queries.
visual semantic search	complex textual queries	retrieving videos
Robust Optical Flow Estimation of Double-Layer Images under Transparency or Reflection.
robust optical flow estimation	double-layer images
GOGMA: Globally-Optimal Gaussian Mixture Alignment.
globally-optimal gaussian mixture alignment
Learning graph structure for multi-label image classification via clique generation.
learning graph structure	multi-label image classification	clique generation
Unsupervised incremental learning for improved object detection in a video.
improved object detection	unsupervised incremental learning
From Local to Global: Edge Profiles to Camera Motion in Blurred Images.
camera motion	blurred images	edge profiles
Harry Potter's Marauder's Map: Localizing and Tracking Multiple Persons-of-Interest by Nonnegative Discretization.
tracking multiple persons-of-interest	harry potter	nonnegative discretization
Understanding Bayesian Rooms Using Composite 3D Object Models.
composite 3d object models	understanding bayesian rooms
Label diagnosis through self tuning forweb image search.
tuning forweb image search	label diagnosis
Curvature preserving fingerprint ridge orientation smoothing using Legendre polynomials.
curvature preserving fingerprint ridge orientation smoothing	legendre polynomials
SteadyFlow: Spatially Smooth Optical Flow for Video Stabilization.
spatially smooth optical flow	video stabilization
Topical Video Object Discovery from Key Frames by Modeling Word Co-occurrence Prior.
modeling word co-occurrence prior	topical video object discovery	key frames
What helps where - and why? Semantic relatedness for knowledge transfer.
semantic relatedness	knowledge transfer
Automatic point-based facial trait judgments evaluation.
automatic point-based facial trait judgments evaluation
Distributed segmentation and classification of human actions using a wearable motion sensor network.
wearable motion sensor network	human actions	distributed segmentation
A constant-space belief propagation algorithm for stereo matching.
constant-space belief propagation algorithm	stereo matching
Detecting and Aligning Faces by Image Retrieval.
image retrieval	aligning faces
Piecewise Planar and Compact Floorplan Reconstruction from Images.
compact floorplan reconstruction	piecewise planar
Detecting Oriented Text in Natural Images by Linking Segments.
detecting oriented text	linking segments	natural images
Unsupervised visual alignment with similarity graphs.
unsupervised visual alignment	similarity graphs
Semantic Regularisation for Recurrent Image Annotation.
recurrent image annotation	semantic regularisation
Error model for scene reconstruction from motion and stereo.
scene reconstruction	error model
Schematic surface reconstruction.
schematic surface reconstruction
Obtaining cryptographic keys using feature level fusion of iris and face biometrics for secure user authentication.
feature level fusion	obtaining cryptographic keys	secure user authentication	face biometrics
A topological method for shape comparison.
topological method	shape comparison
Learning to associate: HybridBoosted multi-target tracker for crowded scene.
hybridboosted multi-target tracker	crowded scene
A Comparison of PMD-Cameras and Stereo-Vision for the Task of Surface Reconstruction using Patchlets.
surface reconstruction
Eigenboosting: Combining Discriminative and Generative Information.
combining discriminative	generative information
From categories to subcategories: Large-scale image classification with partial class label refinement.
partial class label refinement	large-scale image classification
Image registration by minimization of residual complexity.
residual complexity	image registration
Automatic Understanding of Image and Video Advertisements.
automatic understanding	video advertisements
Symmetry-based text line detection in natural scenes.
symmetry-based text line detection	natural scenes
Face Biometrics Under Spoofing Attacks: Vulnerabilities, Countermeasures, Open Issues, and Research Directions.
spoofing attacks	face biometrics	research directions	open issues
Memory-Augmented Attribute Manipulation Networks for Interactive Fashion Search.
memory-augmented attribute manipulation networks	interactive fashion search
Unsupervised learning of complex articulated kinematic structures combining motion and skeleton information.
complex articulated kinematic structures combining motion	skeleton information	unsupervised learning
Simultaneous Stereo Video Deblurring and Scene Flow Estimation.
simultaneous stereo video deblurring	scene flow estimation
Efficient histogram-based sliding window.
efficient histogram-based sliding window
Bilinear Programming for Human Activity Recognition with Unknown MRF Graphs.
unknown mrf graphs	human activity recognition	bilinear programming
Object localization in medical images based on graphical model with contrast and interest-region terms.
medical images based	object localization	interest-region terms	graphical model
Sparse Output Coding for Large-Scale Visual Recognition.
large-scale visual recognition	sparse output coding
Improved Video Registration using Non-Distinctive Local Image Features.
non-distinctive local image features	improved video registration
Stereo reconstruction with mixed pixels using adaptive over-segmentation.
mixed pixels	stereo reconstruction	adaptive over-segmentation
Deciphering the face.
deciphering
What's it going to cost you?: Predicting effort vs. informativeness for multi-label image annotations.
multi-label image annotations	predicting effort
Geo-location inference from image content and user tags.
geo-location inference	image content	user tags
Simultaneous Semi-Coupled Dictionary Learning for Matching RGBD Data.
simultaneous semi-coupled dictionary learning	matching rgbd data
Automatic photo-to-terrain alignment for the annotation of mountain pictures.
automatic photo-to-terrain alignment	mountain pictures
Efficient visual hull computation for real-time 3D reconstruction using CUDA.
efficient visual hull computation	real-time 3d reconstruction
Oriented Response Networks.
oriented response networks
Gender classification from hand shape.
gender classification	hand shape
Principal curves to extract vessels in 3D angiograms.
extract vessels	principal curves	3d angiograms
A Gift from Knowledge Distillation: Fast Optimization, Network Minimization and Transfer Learning.
transfer learning	network minimization	knowledge distillation	fast optimization
A Deep Regression Architecture with Two-Stage Re-initialization for High Performance Facial Landmark Detection.
high performance facial landmark detection	deep regression architecture	two-stage re-initialization
Picking Deep Filter Responses for Fine-Grained Image Recognition.
picking deep filter responses	fine-grained image recognition
Decoding Children's Social Behavior.
decoding children	social behavior
Zero-Shot Learning via Joint Latent Similarity Embedding.
joint latent similarity embedding	zero-shot learning
Unsupervised learning for graph matching.
unsupervised learning	graph matching
Improved Stereo Matching with Constant Highway Networks and Reflective Confidence Learning.
reflective confidence learning	improved stereo matching	constant highway networks
Inferring Visual Persuasion via Body Language, Setting, and Deep Features.
inferring visual persuasion	deep features	body language
Leveraging category-level labels for instance-level image retrieval.
instance-level image retrieval	leveraging category-level labels
Fast and globally optimal single view reconstruction of curved objects.
globally optimal single view reconstruction	curved objects
Multi-output Laplacian dynamic ordinal regression for facial expression recognition and intensity estimation.
multi-output laplacian dynamic ordinal regression	facial expression recognition	intensity estimation
Joint Recovery of Dense Correspondence and Cosegmentation in Two Images.
dense correspondence	joint recovery
Multiscale Centerline Detection by Learning a Scale-Space Distance Transform.
multiscale centerline detection	scale-space distance transform
Flight Dynamics-Based Recovery of a UAV Trajectory Using Ground Cameras.
flight dynamics-based recovery	ground cameras	uav trajectory
Bilinear random projections for locality-sensitive binary codes.
bilinear random projections	locality-sensitive binary codes
Pedestrian detection aided by deep learning semantic tasks.
deep learning semantic tasks	pedestrian detection aided
Predicting high resolution image edges with a generic, adaptive, 3-D vehicle model.
predicting high resolution image edges	vehicle model
The Shape Boltzmann Machine: A strong model of object shape.
shape boltzmann machine	object shape	strong model
Posebits for Monocular Human Pose Estimation.
monocular human pose estimation
Geodesic Distance Descriptors.
geodesic distance descriptors
Semantic Compositional Networks for Visual Captioning.
semantic compositional networks	visual captioning
Manhattan Junction Catalogue for Spatial Reasoning of Indoor Scenes.
manhattan junction catalogue	spatial reasoning	indoor scenes
A Non-convex Variational Approach to Photometric Stereo under Inaccurate Lighting.
non-convex variational approach	inaccurate lighting	photometric stereo
Collective Matrix Factorization Hashing for Multimodal Data.
collective matrix factorization hashing	multimodal data
Regularity-Driven Building Facade Matching between Aerial and Street Views.
regularity-driven building facade matching	street views
Eye tracking assisted extraction of attentionally important objects from videos.
eye tracking assisted extraction	attentionally important objects
A new player-enabled rapid video navigation method using temporal quantization and repeated weighted boosting search.
player-enabled rapid video navigation method	repeated weighted boosting search	temporal quantization
Total recall II: Query expansion revisited.
query expansion revisited	total recall ii
Generalized Thin-Plate SplineWarps.
generalized thin-plate splinewarps
Large Scale Semi-Supervised Object Detection Using Visual and Semantic Knowledge Transfer.
large scale semi-supervised object detection	semantic knowledge transfer
Utility data annotation with Amazon Mechanical Turk.
utility data annotation	amazon mechanical turk
Integrated segmentation and motion analysis of cardiac MR images using a subject-specific dynamical model.
cardiac mr images	subject-specific dynamical model	integrated segmentation	motion analysis
Joint vanishing point extraction and tracking.
joint vanishing point extraction
Multi-target tracking by continuous energy minimization.
continuous energy minimization	multi-target tracking
Detection of Manipulation Action Consequences (MAC).
manipulation action consequences
Salient Region Detection via High-Dimensional Color Transform.
salient region detection	high-dimensional color transform
VAIS: A dataset for recognizing maritime imagery in the visible and infrared spectrums.
recognizing maritime imagery	infrared spectrums
Structured Receptive Fields in CNNs.
structured receptive fields
Efficient illuminant estimation for color constancy using grey pixels.
efficient illuminant estimation	grey pixels	color constancy
Deep Network Flow for Multi-object Tracking.
deep network flow	multi-object tracking
Fast radial symmetry detection under affine transformations.
fast radial symmetry detection	affine transformations
Just noticeable defocus blur detection and estimation.
noticeable defocus blur detection
Dictionary-free categorization of very similar objects via stacked evidence trees.
stacked evidence trees	dictionary-free categorization	similar objects
Motion denoising with application to time-lapse photography.
time-lapse photography	motion denoising
Segmentation of Overlapping Cervical Cells in Microscopic Images with Superpixel Partitioning and Cell-Wise Contour Refinement.
overlapping cervical cells	cell-wise contour refinement	superpixel partitioning	microscopic images
Evaluating knowledge transfer and zero-shot learning in a large-scale setting.
evaluating knowledge transfer	large-scale setting	zero-shot learning
Pedestrian detection using GPU-accelerated multiple cue computation.
gpu-accelerated multiple cue computation	pedestrian detection
Total-Variation Minimization on Unstructured Volumetric Mesh: Biophysical Applications on Reconstruction of 3D Ischemic Myocardium.
3d ischemic myocardium	unstructured volumetric mesh	biophysical applications	total-variation minimization
Detection and segmentation of moving objects in highly dynamic scenes.
highly dynamic scenes	moving objects
Pareto-optimal dictionaries for signatures.
pareto-optimal dictionaries
Genealogical face recognition based on UB KinFace database.
genealogical face recognition based	ub kinface database
Image retrieval using scene graphs.
image retrieval	scene graphs
Anti-Glare: Tightly Constrained Optimization for Eyeglass Reflection Removal.
eyeglass reflection removal	tightly constrained optimization
From Videos to Verbs: Mining Videos for Activities using a Cascade of Dynamical Systems.
dynamical systems
Spatio-temporal motion tracking with unsynchronized cameras.
spatio-temporal motion tracking	unsynchronized cameras
Detecting activities of daily living in first-person camera views.
first-person camera views	detecting activities	daily living
Robust Bayesian Estimation and Normalized Convolution for Super-resolution Image Reconstruction.
super-resolution image reconstruction	robust bayesian estimation	normalized convolution
Multi-class active learning for image classification.
multi-class active learning	image classification
HOPE: Hierarchical Object Prototype Encoding for Efficient Object Instance Search in Videos.
hierarchical object prototype encoding	efficient object instance search
Feature Vector Compression Based on Least Error Quantization.
feature vector compression based	error quantization
EmotioNet: An Accurate, Real-Time Algorithm for the Automatic Annotation of a Million Facial Expressions in the Wild.
million facial expressions	automatic annotation	real-time algorithm
Critical Configurations for Radial Distortion Self-Calibration.
radial distortion self-calibration	critical configurations
Optimization of Iris Codes for Improved Recognition.
iris codes	improved recognition
Recognising action as clouds of space-time interest points.
space-time interest points	recognising action
Detection of mitosis within a stem cell population of high cell confluence in phase-contrast microscopy images.
stem cell population	phase-contrast microscopy images	high cell confluence
Learning a discriminative dictionary for sparse coding via label consistent K-SVD.
label consistent k-svd	discriminative dictionary	sparse coding
Parsing façade with rank-one approximation.
parsing façade
Is Rotation a Nuisance in Shape Recognition?
shape recognition
"Lattice Cut" - Constructing superpixels using layer constraints.
lattice cut	constructing superpixels	layer constraints
Wavelet energy map: A robust support for multi-modal registration of medical images.
wavelet energy map	robust support	multi-modal registration	medical images
Discriminant analysis on Riemannian manifold of Gaussian distributions for face recognition with image sets.
face recognition	discriminant analysis	image sets	riemannian manifold	gaussian distributions
Incremental estimation without specifying a-priori covariance matrices for the novel parameters.
a-priori covariance matrices	incremental estimation
Diffusion filtering without parameter tuning: Models and inference tools.
parameter tuning	inference tools	diffusion filtering
Joint Detection, Tracking and Mapping by Semantic Bundle Adjustment.
semantic bundle adjustment	joint detection
Looking Beyond the Image: Unsupervised Learning for Object Saliency and Detection.
object saliency	unsupervised learning
A square-root sampling approach to fast histogram-based search.
fast histogram-based search	square-root sampling approach
Multitarget data association with higher-order motion models.
higher-order motion models	multitarget data association
What Makes a Patch Distinct?
patch distinct
An end-to-end eChronicling System for Mobile Human Surveillance.
mobile human surveillance	end-to-end echronicling system
IM2CAD.
im2cad
Local minima free Parameterized Appearance Models.
local minima free parameterized appearance models
Illumination and camera invariant stereo matching.
camera invariant stereo matching
Depth camera tracking with contour cues.
depth camera tracking	contour cues
Online Appearance Model Learning for Video-Based Face Recognition.
online appearance model learning	video-based face recognition
Face recognition with learning-based descriptor.
face recognition	learning-based descriptor
Self-Supervised Video Representation Learning with Odd-One-Out Networks.
self-supervised video representation learning
Image quality assessment using a rotated Gaussian discrimination function.
rotated gaussian discrimination function	image quality assessment
Efficient planar graph cuts with applications in Computer Vision.
efficient planar graph cuts	computer vision
Stability effects of finite difference methods on a mathematical tumor growth model.
mathematical tumor growth model	finite difference methods	stability effects
Where to Look: Focus Regions for Visual Question Answering.
visual question answering	focus regions
On non-linear characterization of tissue abnormality by constructing disease manifolds.
constructing disease manifolds	tissue abnormality	non-linear characterization
Symmetric Objects are Hardly Ambiguous.
symmetric objects
Offline 1000-Class Classification on a Smartphone.
offline 1000-class classification
Generating Holistic 3D Scene Abstractions for Text-Based Image Retrieval.
generating holistic 3d scene abstractions	text-based image retrieval
Facial curves between keypoints for recognition of 3D faces with missing parts.
3d faces	missing parts	facial curves
Intrinsic Characterization of Dynamic Surfaces.
intrinsic characterization	dynamic surfaces
Face Recognition Using Kernel Ridge Regression.
kernel ridge regression	face recognition
Incremental Kernel Null Space Discriminant Analysis for Novelty Detection.
incremental kernel null space discriminant analysis	novelty detection
Application of trace-norm and low-rank matrix decomposition for computational anatomy.
low-rank matrix decomposition	computational anatomy
Top-Down Segmentation of Non-rigid Visual Objects Using Derivative-Based Search on Sparse Manifolds.
non-rigid visual objects	derivative-based search	sparse manifolds
Accurate Dynamic Sketching of Faces from Video.
accurate dynamic sketching
Manifold Discriminant Analysis.
manifold discriminant analysis
Multi-feature max-margin hierarchical Bayesian model for action recognition.
multi-feature max-margin hierarchical bayesian model	action recognition
Adventures in archiving and using three years of webcam images.
webcam images
A new retraction for accelerating the Riemannian three-factor low-rank matrix completion algorithm.
riemannian three-factor low-rank matrix completion algorithm
Template-Based Isometric Deformable 3D Reconstruction with Sampling-Based Focal Length Self-Calibration.
template-based isometric deformable 3d reconstruction	sampling-based focal length self-calibration
Transformation-Grounded Image Generation Network for Novel 3D View Synthesis.
transformation-grounded image generation network	3d view synthesis
Variable Bandwidth Image Denoising Using Image-based Noise Models.
variable bandwidth image denoising	image-based noise models
Towards Autonomous Navigation of Miniature UAV.
miniature uav	autonomous navigation
EDA Approach for Model Based Localization and Recognition of Vehicles.
model based localization	eda approach
Real-time part-based visual tracking via adaptive correlation filters.
real-time part-based visual tracking	adaptive correlation filters
Online environment mapping.
online environment mapping
Fast directional chamfer matching.
fast directional chamfer matching
Information Consensus for Distributed Multi-target Tracking.
distributed multi-target tracking	information consensus
Big Data Scalability Issues in WAAS.
big data scalability issues
Large scale vision-based navigation without an accurate global reconstruction.
large scale vision-based navigation	accurate global reconstruction
Analysis by Synthesis: 3D Object Recognition by Object Reconstruction.
3d object recognition	object reconstruction
Globally optimal shape-based tracking in real-time.
globally optimal shape-based tracking
A unified model of specular and diffuse reflectance for rough, glossy surfaces.
unified model	diffuse reflectance	glossy surfaces
Boosting bottom-up and top-down visual features for saliency estimation.
boosting bottom-	visual features	saliency estimation
Commonly Uncommon: Semantic Sparsity in Situation Recognition.
situation recognition	semantic sparsity	commonly uncommon
Resource-aware configuration in smart camera networks.
smart camera networks	resource-aware configuration
City-Scale Location Recognition.
city-scale location recognition
Turning an Urban Scene Video into a Cinemagraph.
urban scene video
Structure and motion from scene registration.
scene registration
Efficient multi-camera detection, tracking, and identification using a shared set of haar-features.
efficient multi-camera detection	shared set
Closed-Form Training of Mahalanobis Distance for Supervised Clustering.
mahalanobis distance	supervised clustering	closed-form training
Creativity: Generating Diverse Questions Using Variational Autoencoders.
generating diverse questions	variational autoencoders
Discriminative modeling by Boosting on Multilevel Aggregates.
multilevel aggregates	discriminative modeling
Modeling Sub-Event Dynamics in First-Person Action Recognition.
first-person action recognition	modeling sub-event dynamics
Texture-Preserving Shadow Removal in Color Images Containing Curved Surfaces.
texture-preserving shadow removal	color images	curved surfaces
Sketch-based 3D shape retrieval using Convolutional Neural Networks.
sketch-based 3d shape retrieval	convolutional neural networks
Kernel-PCA Analysis of Surface Normals for Shape-from-Shading.
surface normals	kernel-pca analysis
Classification trees for fast segmentation of DTI brain fiber tracts.
dti brain fiber tracts	fast segmentation	classification trees
Learning to segment dense cell nuclei with shape prior.
segment dense cell nuclei	shape prior
A flexible tensor block coordinate ascent scheme for hypergraph matching.
flexible tensor block coordinate ascent scheme	hypergraph matching
What are we looking for: Towards statistical modeling of saccadic eye movements and visual saliency.
saccadic eye movements	visual saliency	statistical modeling
Robust regularization for the estimation of intra-voxel axon fiber orientations.
intra-voxel axon fiber orientations	robust regularization
DARTs: Efficient scale-space extraction of DAISY keypoints.
efficient scale-space extraction	daisy keypoints
Live dense reconstruction with a single moving camera.
live dense reconstruction	single moving camera
Sparse depth super resolution.
sparse depth super resolution
Gauging Association Patterns of Chromosome Territories via Chromatic Median.
gauging association patterns	chromosome territories	chromatic median
Dominant orientation templates for real-time detection of texture-less objects.
dominant orientation templates	real-time detection
Detecting and sketching the common.
detecting
Dense mirroring surface recovery from 1D homographies and sparse correspondences.
dense mirroring surface recovery	1d homographies	sparse correspondences
Robust Local Features and their Application in Self-Calibration and Object Recognition on Embedded Systems.
robust local features	object recognition	embedded systems
Scene Labeling Using Sparse Precision Matrix.
sparse precision matrix	scene labeling
Multi-cue onboard pedestrian detection.
multi-cue onboard pedestrian detection
A Minimal Solution for Two-View Focal-Length Estimation Using Two Affine Correspondences.
two-view focal-length estimation	affine correspondences	minimal solution
Modeling mutual context of object and human pose in human-object interaction activities.
modeling mutual context	human-object interaction activities	human pose
Shortlist Selection with Residual-Aware Distance Estimator for K-Nearest Neighbor Search.
residual-aware distance estimator	k-nearest neighbor search	shortlist selection
Latent Embeddings for Zero-Shot Classification.
latent embeddings	zero-shot classification
Cluster Sensing Superpixel and Grouping.
cluster sensing superpixel
Learning Expressionlets on Spatio-temporal Manifold for Dynamic Facial Expression Recognition.
dynamic facial expression recognition	spatio-temporal manifold	learning expressionlets
On the Quotient Representation for the Essential Manifold.
quotient representation	essential manifold
FlowWeb: Joint image set alignment by weaving consistent, pixel-wise correspondences.
joint image set alignment	pixel-wise correspondences	weaving consistent
Projection Metric Learning on Grassmann Manifold with Application to Video based Face Recognition.
video based face recognition	projection metric learning	grassmann manifold
A real-time embedded solution for skew correction in banknote analysis.
real-time embedded solution	skew correction	banknote analysis
Structure Preserving Object Tracking.
structure preserving object tracking
Structure Inference Machines: Recurrent Neural Networks for Analyzing Relations in Group Activity Recognition.
structure inference machines	recurrent neural networks	group activity recognition	analyzing relations
Understanding Traffic Density from Large-Scale Web Camera Data.
large-scale web camera data	understanding traffic density
Scene classification with semantic Fisher vectors.
semantic fisher vectors	scene classification
FrameBreak: Dramatic Image Extrapolation by Guided Shift-Maps.
dramatic image extrapolation	guided shift-maps
Structural Correlation Filter for Robust Visual Tracking.
structural correlation filter	robust visual tracking
On Constant Focal Length Self-Calibration From Multiple Views.
constant focal length self-calibration	multiple views
General constraints for batch Multiple-Target Tracking applied to large-scale videomicroscopy.
batch multiple-target tracking applied	large-scale videomicroscopy	general constraints
Adaptive eye-camera calibration for head-worn devices.
adaptive eye-camera calibration	head-worn devices
Reversible Recursive Instance-Level Object Segmentation.
reversible recursive instance-level object segmentation
Generative hierarchical models for image analysis.
generative hierarchical models	image analysis
Nonparametric higher-order learning for interactive segmentation.
nonparametric higher-order learning	interactive segmentation
Relative Pose Estimation for a Multi-camera System with Known Vertical Direction.
relative pose estimation	vertical direction	multi-camera system
Compact projection: Simple and efficient near neighbor search with practical memory requirements.
practical memory requirements	compact projection	neighbor search
Estimating camera pose from a single urban ground-view omnidirectional image and a 2D building outline map.
single urban ground-view omnidirectional image	2d building outline map	estimating camera pose
FAME: Face Association through Model Evolution.
face association	model evolution
Image Reconstruction from Bag-of-Visual-Words.
image reconstruction
Self-Supervised Learning of Visual Features through Embedding Images into Text Topic Spaces.
text topic spaces	self-supervised learning	visual features	embedding images
Laplacian Patch-Based Image Synthesis.
laplacian patch-based image synthesis
3D shape estimation from 2D landmarks: A convex relaxation approach.
3d shape estimation	convex relaxation approach	2d landmarks
A shape-driven MRF model for the segmentation of organs in medical images.
shape-driven mrf model	medical images
A discriminative CNN video representation for event detection.
discriminative cnn video representation	event detection
An Egocentric Look at Video Photographer Identity.
video photographer identity
Solving Small-Piece Jigsaw Puzzles by Growing Consensus.
solving small-piece jigsaw puzzles	growing consensus
Salient coding for image classification.
salient coding	image classification
Boundary Detection Benchmarking: Beyond F-Measures.
boundary detection benchmarking
Learning and matching multiscale template descriptors for real-time detection, localization and tracking.
matching multiscale template descriptors	real-time detection
Mobile Exergames - Burn Calories While Playing Games on a Smartphone.
mobile exergames	burn calories	playing games
Efficient image alignment using linear appearance models.
linear appearance models	efficient image alignment
Learning Cross-Modal Deep Representations for Robust Pedestrian Detection.
learning cross-modal deep representations	robust pedestrian detection
Bayesian adaptive matrix factorization with automatic model selection.
bayesian adaptive matrix factorization	automatic model selection
A Cost-Effective Framework for Automated Vehicle-Pedestrian Near-Miss Detection Through Onboard Monocular Vision.
automated vehicle-pedestrian near-miss detection	onboard monocular vision	cost-effective framework
Shape-based automatic detection of a large number of 3D facial landmarks.
3d facial landmarks	shape-based automatic detection	large number
The Logistic Random Field - A convenient graphical model for learning parameters for MRF-based labeling.
convenient graphical model	logistic random field	mrf-based labeling	learning parameters
Multiview constraints in frequency space and camera calibration from unsynchronized images.
multiview constraints	unsynchronized images	frequency space	camera calibration
Learning to Detect Partially Overlapping Instances.
detect partially overlapping instances
A New Finsler Minimal Path Model with Curvature Penalization for Image Segmentation and Closed Contour Detection.
finsler minimal path model	closed contour detection	curvature penalization	image segmentation
Square Loss based regularized LDA for face recognition using image sets.
square loss based regularized lda	face recognition	image sets
Multigrid Neural Architectures.
multigrid neural architectures
Efficient Nonlinear Markov Models for Human Motion.
efficient nonlinear markov models	human motion
Hybrid shift map for video retargeting.
hybrid shift map	video retargeting
Face verification and identification using Facial Trait Code.
facial trait code	face verification
Parallel graph-cuts by adaptive bottom-up merging.
adaptive bottom-	parallel graph-cuts
Head-tracking virtual 3-D display for mobile devices.
head-tracking virtual 3-	mobile devices
Surface Motion Capture Transfer with Gaussian Process Regression.
surface motion capture transfer	gaussian process regression
Randomized visual phrases for object search.
randomized visual phrases	object search
Part Discovery from Partial Correspondence.
partial correspondence	part discovery
ARISTA - image search to annotation on billions of web photos.
image search	web photos
A Variational Bayesian Approach for Classification with Corrupted Inputs.
variational bayesian approach	corrupted inputs
Shape and light directions from shading and polarization.
light directions
Facial Expression Recognition in the Wild Using Improved Dense Trajectories and Fisher Vector Encoding.
facial expression recognition	fisher vector encoding	improved dense trajectories
Fan Shape Model for object detection.
fan shape model	object detection
Multi-attention Network for One Shot Learning.
shot learning	multi-attention network
Automatic face naming with caption-based supervision.
automatic face naming	caption-based supervision
A non-convex relaxation approach to sparse dictionary learning.
sparse dictionary learning	non-convex relaxation approach
On-board real-time tracking of pedestrians on a UAV.
on-board real-time tracking
Human detection using depth information by Kinect.
depth information	human detection
A graph-based approach to skin mole matching incorporating template-normalized coordinates.
skin mole matching incorporating template-normalized coordinates	graph-based approach
Linked edges as stable region boundaries.
stable region boundaries	linked edges
Activity related biometric authentication using Spherical Harmonics.
activity related biometric authentication	spherical harmonics
Max-margin early event detectors.
max-margin early event detectors
Understanding Effects of Cognitive Load from Pupillary Responses Using Hilbert Analytic Phase.
hilbert analytic phase	understanding effects	cognitive load	pupillary responses
3D Constrained Local Model for rigid and non-rigid facial tracking.
3d constrained local model	non-rigid facial tracking
Depth-Stretch: Enhancing Depth Perception Without Depth.
enhancing depth perception
Virtual Recovery of the Deteriorated Art Object based on AR Technology.
deteriorated art object based	ar technology	virtual recovery
Global and efficient self-similarity for object classification and detection.
efficient self-similarity	object classification
Isometric registration of ambiguous and partial data.
isometric registration	partial data
Confidence-Rated Multiple Instance Boosting for Object Detection.
confidence-rated multiple instance boosting	object detection
Tensor Power Iteration for Multi-graph Matching.
tensor power iteration	multi-graph matching
In defense of color-based model-free tracking.
color-based model-free tracking
An automatic unsupervised classification of MR images in Alzheimer's disease.
automatic unsupervised classification	mr images
Multivariate analysis of thalamo-cortical connectivity loss in TBI.
thalamo-cortical connectivity loss	multivariate analysis
Pattern-Driven Colorization of 3D Surfaces.
3d surfaces	pattern-driven colorization
Object matching with a locally affine-invariant constraint.
locally affine-invariant constraint	object matching
Joint Summarization of Large-Scale Collections of Web Images and Videos for Storyline Reconstruction.
joint summarization	large-scale collections	web images	storyline reconstruction
Blindly separating mixtures of multiple layers with spatial shifts.
blindly separating mixtures	spatial shifts	multiple layers
Learning multi-modal densities on Discriminative Temporal Interaction Manifold for group activity recognition.
discriminative temporal interaction manifold	group activity recognition	learning multi-modal densities
Learning Mid-level Filters for Person Re-identification.
learning mid-level filters	person re-identification
Power SVM: Generalization with exemplar classification uncertainty.
exemplar classification uncertainty	power svm
Trinocular Geometry Revisited.
trinocular geometry revisited
Pooled motion features for first-person videos.
pooled motion features	first-person videos
Learning Temporal Regularity in Video Sequences.
learning temporal regularity	video sequences
Unsupervised object discovery and localization in the wild: Part-based matching with bottom-up region proposals.
unsupervised object discovery	part-based matching	region proposals
Non-invasive Soccer Goal Line Technology: A Real Case Study.
non-invasive soccer goal line technology	real case study
An adaptive learning method for target tracking across multiple cameras.
adaptive learning method	multiple cameras	target tracking
Finding dots: Segmentation as popping out regions from boundaries.
finding dots
A semantic occlusion model for human pose estimation from a single depth image.
human pose estimation	semantic occlusion model	single depth image
MKPM: A multiclass extension to the kernel projection machine.
kernel projection machine	multiclass extension
Local Ensemble Kernel Learning for Object Category Recognition.
local ensemble kernel learning	object category recognition
Illustrating motion through DLP photography.
illustrating motion	dlp photography
Image Matching via Saliency Region Correspondences.
saliency region correspondences	image matching
Training Sparse Neural Networks.
training sparse neural networks
Efficient ConvNet-based marker-less motion capture in general scenes with a low number of cameras.
efficient convnet-based marker-	motion capture	low number	general scenes
Sonar automatic target recognition for underwater UXO remediation.
sonar automatic target recognition	underwater uxo remediation
Energy Based Multi-model Fitting & Matching for 3D Reconstruction.
energy based multi-model fitting & matching	3d reconstruction
Finding Group Interactions in Social Clutter.
finding group interactions	social clutter
Incremental Bayesian learning of feature points from natural images.
incremental bayesian learning	feature points	natural images
Secure Fingerprint Matching with Generic Local Structures.
generic local structures	secure fingerprint matching
Cross-age face verification by coordinating with cross-face age verification.
cross-face age verification	cross-age face verification
Distance transform templates for object detection and pose estimation.
distance transform templates	object detection	pose estimation
3D Convolutional Networks-Based Mitotic Event Detection in Time-Lapse Phase Contrast Microscopy Image Sequences of Stem Cell Populations.
time-lapse phase contrast microscopy image sequences	3d convolutional networks-based mitotic event detection	stem cell populations
A stable optic-flow based method for tracking colonoscopy images.
stable optic-flow based method	tracking colonoscopy images
Efficient 3D Endfiring TRUS Prostate Segmentation with Globally Optimized Rotational Symmetry.
efficient 3d endfiring trus prostate segmentation	globally optimized rotational symmetry
A new mirror-based extrinsic camera calibration using an orthogonality constraint.
mirror-based extrinsic camera calibration	orthogonality constraint
A Linear Approach to Matching Cuboids in RGBD Images.
matching cuboids	rgbd images	linear approach
Affinity CNN: Learning Pixel-Centric Pairwise Relations for Figure/Ground Embedding.
learning pixel-centric pairwise relations	figure/ground embedding	affinity cnn
Target Tracking with Online Feature Selection in FLIR Imagery.
online feature selection	flir imagery	target tracking
Spatial selection for attentional visual tracking.
attentional visual tracking	spatial selection
Reduce, reuse & recycle: Efficiently solving multi-label MRFs.
efficiently solving multi-label mrfs	reuse & recycle
Learning Color Names from Real-World Images.
learning color names	real-world images
Locally Linear Hashing for Extracting Non-linear Manifolds.
locally linear hashing	extracting non-linear manifolds
Color estimation from a single surface color.
single surface color	color estimation
This Hand Is My Hand: A Probabilistic Approach to Hand Disambiguation in Egocentric Video.
egocentric video	probabilistic approach
Automatic facial landmark labeling with minimal supervision.
automatic facial landmark labeling	minimal supervision
Designing frameworks for automatic affect prediction and classification in dimensional space.
automatic affect prediction	dimensional space	designing frameworks
Clustering of static-adaptive correspondences for deformable object tracking.
deformable object tracking	static-adaptive correspondences
Higher order motion models and spectral clustering.
higher order motion models	spectral clustering
Deep domain adaptation for describing people based on fine-grained clothing attributes.
describing people based	deep domain adaptation	fine-grained clothing attributes
Multi-attribute Queries: To Merge or Not to Merge?
multi-attribute queries
An approximate shading model for object relighting.
approximate shading model	object relighting
Evaluating the quality of super-resolved images for face recognition.
face recognition	super-resolved images
Automatic Image Cropping: A Computational Complexity Study.
automatic image cropping	computational complexity study
Large-scale image retrieval with compressed Fisher vectors.
large-scale image retrieval	compressed fisher vectors
Deep sparse representation for robust image registration.
robust image registration	deep sparse representation
Dynamic surface matching by geodesic mapping for 3D animation transfer.
3d animation transfer	dynamic surface matching	geodesic mapping
Reflection detection in image sequences.
image sequences	reflection detection
Contextual smoothing of image segmentation.
image segmentation	contextual smoothing
KillingFusion: Non-rigid 3D Reconstruction without Correspondences.
non-rigid 3d reconstruction
Rent3D: Floor-plan priors for monocular layout estimation.
monocular layout estimation	floor-plan priors
Synthesizing 3D Shapes via Modeling Multi-view Depth Maps and Silhouettes with Deep Generative Networks.
modeling multi-view depth maps	synthesizing 3d shapes	deep generative networks
Learning message-passing inference machines for structured prediction.
learning message-passing inference machines	structured prediction
Single View Human Action Recognition using Key Pose Matching and Viterbi Path Searching.
single view human action recognition	key pose matching	viterbi path searching
CHoG: Compressed histogram of gradients A low bit-rate feature descriptor.
low bit-rate feature descriptor	compressed histogram
Towards weakly supervised semantic segmentation by means of multiple instance and multitask learning.
weakly supervised semantic segmentation	multitask learning	multiple instance
Parsing occluded people by flexible compositions.
parsing occluded people	flexible compositions
Shape estimation in natural illumination.
natural illumination	shape estimation
Towards Pose Robust Face Recognition.
pose robust face recognition
An extended fuzzy SOM for anomalous behaviour detection.
anomalous behaviour detection	extended fuzzy som
Synthesizing Normalized Faces from Facial Identity Features.
facial identity features	synthesizing normalized faces
On-the-fly hand detection training with application in egocentric action recognition.
on-the-fly hand detection training	egocentric action recognition
Recovering thin structures via nonlocal-means regularization with application to depth from defocus.
recovering thin structures	nonlocal-means regularization
Lacunarity Analysis on Image Patterns for Texture Classification.
lacunarity analysis	image patterns	texture classification
Aggregated Residual Transformations for Deep Neural Networks.
deep neural networks	aggregated residual transformations
Recovery of relative depth from a single observation using an uncalibrated (real-aperture) camera.
single observation	relative depth
Improving Human Action Recognition by Non-action Classification.
improving human action recognition	non-action classification
Real-time facial feature detection using conditional regression forests.
real-time facial feature detection	conditional regression forests
Some Like It Hot - Visual Guidance for Preference Prediction.
visual guidance	preference prediction
Nonparametric Scene Parsing with Adaptive Feature Relevance and Semantic Context.
nonparametric scene parsing	adaptive feature relevance	semantic context
Group-Wise Point-Set Registration Based on Rényi's Second Order Entropy.
group-wise point-set registration based	order entropy
Weakly-Supervised Dual Clustering for Image Semantic Segmentation.
weakly-supervised dual clustering	image semantic segmentation
Adaptive Patch Features for Object Class Recognition with Learned Hierarchical Models.
object class recognition	learned hierarchical models	adaptive patch features
An improved real-time miniaturized embedded stereo vision system (MESVS-II).
improved real-time miniaturized embedded stereo vision system
A Fast Approximate Spectral Unmixing Algorithm Based on Segmentation.
fast approximate spectral unmixing algorithm based
Shape Completion Using 3D-Encoder-Predictor CNNs and Shape Synthesis.
shape completion	3d-encoder-predictor cnns	shape synthesis
Event Retrieval in Large Video Collections with Circulant Temporal Encoding.
large video collections	circulant temporal encoding	event retrieval
3D face econstruction from a single 2D face image.
single 2d face image	3d face econstruction
Immersive and perceptual human-computer interaction using computer vision techniques.
perceptual human-computer interaction	computer vision techniques
Natural Language Object Retrieval.
natural language object retrieval
Silhouette-based features for visible-infrared registration.
silhouette-based features	visible-infrared registration
Decision-level fusion strategies for correlated biometric classifiers.
decision-level fusion strategies	correlated biometric classifiers
Motion estimation with non-local total variation regularization.
non-local total variation regularization	motion estimation
Anytimeness avoids parameters in detecting closed convex polygons.
detecting closed convex polygons	anytimeness avoids parameters
Learning 3D object templates by hierarchical quantization of geometry and appearance spaces.
learning 3d object templates	appearance spaces	hierarchical quantization
Multiobject tracking as maximum weight independent set.
maximum weight independent set	multiobject tracking
Matching bags of regions in RGBD images.
rgbd images	matching bags
Non-rigid Point Set Registration with Global-Local Topology Preservation.
non-rigid point set registration	global-local topology preservation
Attend to You: Personalized Image Captioning with Context Sequence Memory Networks.
context sequence memory networks	personalized image captioning
Hybrid body representation for integrated pose recognition, localization and segmentation.
integrated pose recognition	hybrid body representation
From Ego to Nos-Vision: Detecting Social Relationships in First-Person Views.
detecting social relationships	first-person views
Beyond Deep Residual Learning for Image Restoration: Persistent Homology-Guided Manifold Simplification.
persistent homology-guided manifold simplification	deep residual learning	image restoration
Head pose estimation in the wild using approximate view manifolds.
approximate view manifolds	head pose estimation
On benchmarking camera calibration and multi-view stereo for high resolution imagery.
high resolution imagery	benchmarking camera calibration	multi-view stereo
Robust Discriminative Response Map Fitting with Constrained Local Models.
robust discriminative response map fitting	constrained local models
Image Tag Completion via Image-Specific and Tag-Specific Linear Sparse Reconstructions.
tag-specific linear sparse reconstructions	image tag completion
Simple Black-Box Adversarial Attacks on Deep Neural Networks.
simple black-box adversarial attacks	deep neural networks
Unsupervised auxiliary visual words discovery for large-scale image object retrieval.
unsupervised auxiliary visual words discovery	large-scale image object retrieval
We are not contortionists: Coupled adaptive learning for head and body orientation estimation in surveillance video.
body orientation estimation	coupled adaptive learning	surveillance video
Two-Dimensional Active Learning for image classification.
two-dimensional active learning	image classification
Semi-supervised Domain Adaptation with Subspace Learning for visual recognition.
semi-supervised domain adaptation	visual recognition	subspace learning
Analyzing Semantic Segmentation Using Hybrid Human-Machine CRFs.
hybrid human-machine crfs	analyzing semantic segmentation
Deep Region and Multi-label Learning for Facial Action Unit Detection.
facial action unit detection	multi-label learning	deep region
Mining discriminative adjectives and prepositions for natural scene recognition.
natural scene recognition	mining discriminative adjectives
Continuous 3D Face Authentication Using RGB-D Cameras.
continuous 3d face authentication
Sensing increased image resolution using aperture masks.
sensing increased image resolution	aperture masks
Semi-supervised hashing for scalable image retrieval.
scalable image retrieval	semi-supervised hashing
Geometric Modeling and Calibration of Planar Multi-Projector Displays Using Rational Bezier Patches.
planar multi-projector displays	rational bezier patches	geometric modeling
YOLO9000: Better, Faster, Stronger.
stronger
Articulated pose estimation with parts connectivity using discriminative local oriented contours.
discriminative local oriented contours	articulated pose estimation	parts connectivity
Co-saliency detection via looking deep and wide.
co-saliency detection
Structured output-associative regression.
structured output-associative regression
Optical Acceleration for Motion Description in Videos.
motion description	optical acceleration
Sketch Tokens: A Learned Mid-level Representation for Contour and Object Detection.
learned mid-level representation	object detection	sketch tokens
Deep Temporal Linear Encoding Networks.
deep temporal linear encoding networks
Least Soft-Threshold Squares Tracking.
soft-threshold squares tracking
An Attention-Based Activity Recognition for Egocentric Video.
attention-based activity recognition	egocentric video
Learning Deep Structure-Preserving Image-Text Embeddings.
learning deep structure-preserving image-text embeddings
Hand Movement Prediction Based Collision-Free Human-Robot Interaction.
hand movement prediction based collision-free human-robot interaction
Object Tracking by Asymmetric Kernel Mean Shift with Automatic Scale and Orientation Selection.
asymmetric kernel	object tracking	automatic scale	orientation selection
Light field from micro-baseline image pair.
micro-baseline image pair	light field
Layered Graph Match with Graph Editing.
layered graph match	graph editing
Learning Multifunctional Binary Codes for Both Category and Attribute Oriented Retrieval Tasks.
attribute oriented retrieval tasks	learning multifunctional binary codes
Embedded Vision System for Atmospheric Turbulence Mitigation.
atmospheric turbulence mitigation	embedded vision system
Holistic 3D scene understanding from a single geo-tagged image.
holistic 3d scene understanding	single geo-tagged image
Multi-column deep neural networks for image classification.
multi-column deep neural networks	image classification
Minimal solutions for generic imaging models.
generic imaging models	minimal solutions
Generalized time warping for multi-modal alignment of human motion.
generalized time warping	multi-modal alignment	human motion
Deformable Registration of Feature-Endowed Point Sets Based on Tensor Fields.
feature-endowed point sets based	tensor fields	deformable registration
Modelling Objects using Distribution and Topology of Multiscale Region Pairs.
multiscale region pairs	modelling objects
A model-based approach to finding tracks in SAR CCD images.
sar ccd images	finding tracks	model-based approach
Semi-supervised Spectral Clustering for Image Set Classification.
semi-supervised spectral clustering	image set classification
Automated X-Ray Object Recognition Using an Efficient Search Algorithm in Multiple Views.
automated x-ray object recognition	efficient search algorithm	multiple views
Fourier Methods for Nonparametric Image Registration.
nonparametric image registration	fourier methods
Finding distractors in images.
finding distractors
NMF-KNN: Image Annotation Using Weighted Multi-view Non-negative Matrix Factorization.
weighted multi-view non-negative matrix factorization	image annotation
Localizing non-overlapping surveillance cameras under the L-Infinity norm.
localizing non-overlapping surveillance cameras	l-infinity norm
As-Projective-As-Possible Image Stitching with Moving DLT.
moving dlt	image stitching
Strip Histogram Grid for efficient LIDAR segmentation from urban environments.
strip histogram grid	efficient lidar segmentation	urban environments
Articulated shape matching using Laplacian eigenfunctions and unsupervised point registration.
articulated shape matching	unsupervised point registration	laplacian eigenfunctions
A 3D Mask Face Anti-Spoofing Database with Real World Variations.
3d mask face anti-spoofing database	real world variations
Monocular Template-Based 3D Reconstruction of Extensible Surfaces with Local Linear Elasticity.
monocular template-based 3d reconstruction	local linear elasticity	extensible surfaces
Real-Time, Embedded Scene Invariant Crowd Counting Using Scale-Normalized Histogram of Moving Gradients (HoMG).
embedded scene invariant crowd counting	scale-normalized histogram	moving gradients
Full orientation invariance and improved feature selectivity of 3D SIFT with application to medical image analysis.
improved feature selectivity	medical image analysis	full orientation invariance	3d sift
Mining discriminative co-occurrence patterns for visual recognition.
mining discriminative co-occurrence patterns	visual recognition
Accelerated Training of Linear Object Detectors.
linear object detectors	accelerated training
Face Recognition using Discriminatively Trained Orthogonal Rank One Tensor Projections.
discriminatively trained orthogonal rank	face recognition	tensor projections
Instantly telling what happens in a video sequence using simple features.
simple features	video sequence	instantly telling
Efficient Feature Extraction, Encoding, and Classification for Action Recognition.
efficient feature extraction	action recognition
Iris recognition using quaternionic sparse orientation code (QSOC).
quaternionic sparse orientation code	iris recognition
Reading between the lines: Object localization using implicit cues from image tags.
object localization	image tags	implicit cues
The shading zone problem in geodesic voting and its solutions for the segmentation of tree structures. Application to the segmentation of Microglia extensions.
shading zone problem	tree structures	microglia extensions	geodesic voting
Predicting biometric facial recognition failure with similarity surfaces and support vector machines.
predicting biometric facial recognition failure	support vector machines	similarity surfaces
Discrete texture traces: Topological representation of geometric context.
discrete texture traces	topological representation	geometric context
Quality Dynamic Human Body Modeling Using a Single Low-Cost Depth Camera.
quality dynamic human body modeling	single low-cost depth camera
Effective semantic pixel labelling with convolutional networks and Conditional Random Fields.
effective semantic pixel labelling	conditional random fields	convolutional networks
Pair-activity classification by bi-trajectories analysis.
pair-activity classification	bi-trajectories analysis
Global Hypothesis Generation for 6D Object Pose Estimation.
6d object pose estimation	global hypothesis generation
Cascaded L1-norm Minimization Learning (CLML) classifier for human detection.
cascaded l1-norm minimization learning	human detection
Cutout-search: Putting a name to the picture.
putting
Virtual view networks for object reconstruction.
virtual view networks	object reconstruction
Track to the future: Spatio-temporal video segmentation with long-range motion cues.
spatio-temporal video segmentation	long-range motion cues
Accurate Localization and Pose Estimation for Large 3D Models.
large 3d models	accurate localization	pose estimation
The GRODE metrics: Exploring the performance of group detection approaches.
group detection approaches	grode metrics
Story-Driven Summarization for Egocentric Video.
egocentric video	story-driven summarization
3D Saliency maps.
3d saliency maps
Contextualizing histogram.
contextualizing histogram
Invariant Features of Local Texturesa rotation invariant local texture descriptor.
local texturesa rotation invariant local texture descriptor	invariant features
Do Computational Models Differ Systematically from Human Object Perception?
computational models differ systematically	human object perception
Invited paper: Adapting algorithms for hardware implementation.
hardware implementation	adapting algorithms	invited paper
Predicting Salient Face in Multiple-Face Videos.
predicting salient face	multiple-face videos
Multi-feature Spectral Clustering with Minimax Optimization.
multi-feature spectral clustering	minimax optimization
Face Recognition Performance under Aging.
face recognition performance
Geospatial Correspondences for Multimodal Registration.
multimodal registration	geospatial correspondences
Soft-Margin Learning for Multiple Feature-Kernel Combinations with Domain Adaptation, for Recognition in Surveillance Face Datasets.
multiple feature-kernel combinations	surveillance face datasets	domain adaptation	soft-margin learning
X-Ray Testing by Computer Vision.
computer vision	x-ray testing
Evaluating State-of-the-Art Object Detector on Challenging Traffic Light Data.
evaluating state-of-the-art object detector	challenging traffic light data
Photogeometric structured light: A self-calibrating and multi-viewpoint framework for accurate 3D modeling.
accurate 3d modeling	photogeometric structured light	multi-viewpoint framework
Three-Dimensional Object Detection and Layout Prediction Using Clouds of Oriented Gradients.
three-dimensional object detection	layout prediction	oriented gradients
Multiple-View Face Tracking For Modeling and Analysis Based On Non-Cooperative Video Imagery.
multiple-view face tracking	non-cooperative video imagery	analysis based
Multimodal Tracking for Smart Videoconferencing and Video Surveillance.
video surveillance	smart videoconferencing	multimodal tracking
Binary Coding for Partial Action Analysis with Limited Observation Ratios.
partial action analysis	limited observation ratios	binary coding
Resolving Objects at Higher Resolution from a Single Motion-blurred Image.
single motion-blurred image	resolving objects	higher resolution
Simultaneous Time-of-Flight sensing and photometric stereo with a single ToF sensor.
simultaneous time-of-flight sensing	single tof sensor	photometric stereo
Shape comparison using perturbing shape registration.
perturbing shape registration	shape comparison
Groupwise morphometric analysis based on high dimensional clustering.
groupwise morphometric analysis based	high dimensional clustering
Physically Plausible 3D Scene Tracking: The Single Actor Hypothesis.
physically plausible 3d scene tracking	single actor hypothesis
Enforcing convexity for improved alignment with constrained local models.
constrained local models	improved alignment	enforcing convexity
DukeMTMC4ReID: A Large-Scale Multi-camera Person Re-identification Dataset.
large-scale multi-camera person re-identification dataset
Web scale photo hash clustering on a single machine.
web scale photo hash clustering	single machine
The Photoface database.
photoface database
Robust object tracking via sparsity-based collaborative model.
robust object tracking	sparsity-based collaborative model
Proposal Flow.
proposal flow
A Linear Programming Approach for Multiple Object Tracking.
multiple object tracking	linear programming approach
A Counter-Forensic Method for CNN-Based Camera Model Identification.
cnn-based camera model identification	counter-forensic method
Object-to-object color transfer: Optimal flows and SMSP transformations.
object-to-object color transfer	optimal flows	smsp transformations
Scalable Sparse Subspace Clustering by Orthogonal Matching Pursuit.
scalable sparse subspace clustering	orthogonal matching pursuit
A new framework for behavior modeling of organs and soft tissue using the Boundary-Element Methods.
soft tissue	behavior modeling	boundary-element methods
A theory of plenoptic multiplexing.
plenoptic multiplexing
Learning semantic scene models by object classification and trajectory clustering.
learning semantic scene models	trajectory clustering	object classification
Monitoring, recognizing and discovering social networks.
discovering social networks
Parameterizing interpersonal behaviour with Laban movement analysis - A Bayesian approach.
laban movement analysis	parameterizing interpersonal behaviour	bayesian approach
Binary Constraint Preserving Graph Matching.
binary constraint preserving graph matching
Harris corners in the real world: A principled selection criterion for interest points based on ecological statistics.
interest points based	principled selection criterion	real world	ecological statistics	harris corners
Lost in quantization: Improving particular object retrieval in large scale image databases.
large scale image databases	object retrieval
Adaptive Object Retrieval with Kernel Reconstructive Hashing.
adaptive object retrieval	kernel reconstructive hashing
Semi-supervised Domain Adaptation with Instance Constraints.
semi-supervised domain adaptation	instance constraints
Temporal Action Detection Using a Statistical Language Model.
temporal action detection	statistical language model
A Multi-sensor Fusion Framework in 3-D.
multi-sensor fusion framework
A Novel HDR Depth Camera for Real-Time 3D 360° Panoramic Vision.
real-time 3d 360° panoramic vision	hdr depth camera
Ensemble manifold regularization.
ensemble manifold regularization
Unscented transformation for depth from motion-blur in videos.
unscented transformation
SVBRDF-Invariant Shape and Reflectance Estimation from Light-Field Cameras.
light-field cameras	reflectance estimation	svbrdf-invariant shape
A Polarimetric Thermal Database for Face Recognition Research.
face recognition research	polarimetric thermal database
Joint Multi-person Pose Estimation and Semantic Part Segmentation.
joint multi-person pose estimation	semantic part segmentation
Cataloging Public Objects Using Aerial and Street-Level Images - Urban Trees.
cataloging public objects	street-level images	urban trees
Inferring Hidden Statuses and Actions in Video by Causal Reasoning.
inferring hidden statuses	causal reasoning
Fine-Grained Image Classification via Combining Vision and Language.
fine-grained image classification	combining vision
Shape and refractive index recovery from single-view polarisation images.
single-view polarisation images	refractive index recovery
Contour-Constrained Superpixels for Image and Video Processing.
contour-constrained superpixels	video processing
Recurrent Convolutional Network for Video-Based Person Re-identification.
video-based person re-identification	recurrent convolutional network
Adaptive image and video retargeting technique based on Fourier analysis.
video retargeting technique based	fourier analysis	adaptive image
Nonnegative Matrix Underapproximation for Robust Multiple Model Fitting.
robust multiple model fitting	nonnegative matrix underapproximation
Tensor Contraction Layers for Parsimonious Deep Nets.
parsimonious deep nets	tensor contraction layers
Continuously tracking and see-through occlusion based on a new hybrid synthetic aperture imaging model.
hybrid synthetic aperture imaging model	continuously tracking	occlusion based
L2-Net: Deep Learning of Discriminative Patch Descriptor in Euclidean Space.
discriminative patch descriptor	deep learning	euclidean space
To complete or not to complete: Gap completion in real images.
gap completion	real images
Robust Change-Detection by Normalised Gradient-Correlation.
robust change-detection	normalised gradient-correlation
Age and gender classification using convolutional neural networks.
convolutional neural networks	gender classification
A practical algorithm for L triangulation with outliers.
practical algorithm
Reconstructing an image from its local descriptors.
local descriptors
FATAUVA-Net: An Integrated Deep Learning Framework for Facial Attribute Recognition, Action Unit Detection, and Valence-Arousal Estimation.
integrated deep learning framework	facial attribute recognition	action unit detection	valence-arousal estimation
Spatio-Temporal Self-Organizing Map Deep Network for Dynamic Object Detection from Videos.
spatio-temporal self-organizing map deep network	dynamic object detection
Multiple-instance ranking: Learning to rank images for image retrieval.
image retrieval	rank images	multiple-instance ranking
Comparison of infrared and visible imagery for object tracking: Toward trackers with superior IR performance.
superior ir performance	visible imagery	object tracking
Lymph node detection in 3-D chest CT using a spatial prior probability.
spatial prior probability	lymph node detection	chest ct
A region based stereo matching algorithm using cooperative optimization.
region based stereo matching algorithm	cooperative optimization
SurfNet: Generating 3D Shape Surfaces Using Deep Residual Networks.
generating 3d shape surfaces	deep residual networks
Robust multi-class transductive learning with graphs.
robust multi-class transductive learning
Watch-n-patch: Unsupervised understanding of actions and relations.
unsupervised understanding
Using Spatial Order to Boost the Elimination of Incorrect Feature Matches.
incorrect feature matches	spatial order
Fixation driven contour completion with angular ordering.
fixation driven contour completion	angular ordering
Edge-Weighted Centroid Voronoi Tessellation with Propagation of Consistency Constraint for 3D Grain Segmentation in Microscopic Superalloy Images.
edge-weighted centroid voronoi tessellation	3d grain segmentation	microscopic superalloy images	consistency constraint
Region Ranking SVM for Image Classification.
region ranking svm	image classification
P-brush: Continuous valued MRFs with normed pairwise distributions for image segmentation.
normed pairwise distributions	continuous valued mrfs	image segmentation
In Defense of Sparse Tracking: Circulant Sparse Tracker.
circulant sparse tracker	sparse tracking
Unifying discriminative visual codebook generation with classifier training for object category recognition.
unifying discriminative visual codebook generation	object category recognition	classifier training
Unsupervised Video Summarization with Adversarial LSTM Networks.
adversarial lstm networks	unsupervised video summarization
Studying Relationships between Human Gaze, Description, and Computer Vision.
human gaze	studying relationships	computer vision
Similarity Metric for Curved Shapes in Euclidean Space.
similarity metric	euclidean space	curved shapes
Decoding the Deep: Exploring Class Hierarchies of Deep Representations Using Multiresolution Matrix Factorization.
exploring class hierarchies	multiresolution matrix factorization
OpenVL: Towards A Novel Software Architecture for Computer Vision.
software architecture	computer vision
Action recognition by employing combined directional motion history and energy images.
employing combined directional motion history	action recognition	energy images
Stereo Camera Tracking for Mobile Devices.
stereo camera tracking	mobile devices
Multi-object Tracking via Constrained Sequential Labeling.
constrained sequential labeling	multi-object tracking
Improving Gradient Histogram Based Descriptors for Pedestrian Detection in Datasets with Large Variations.
improving gradient histogram based descriptors	pedestrian detection	large variations
Optimizing the Lens Selection Process for Multi-focus Plenoptic Cameras and Numerical Evaluation.
multi-focus plenoptic cameras	lens selection process	numerical evaluation
A Convex Regularize for Reducing Color Artifact in Color Image Recovery.
reducing color artifact	color image recovery	convex regularize
Cultural Event recognition with visual ConvNets and temporal models.
cultural event recognition	temporal models	visual convnets
Distinguishing the Indistinguishable: Exploring Structural Ambiguities via Geodesic Context.
exploring structural ambiguities	geodesic context
Detection of incomplete enclosures of rectangular shape in remotely sensed images.
remotely sensed images	rectangular shape	incomplete enclosures
Non-sparse linear representations for visual tracking with online reservoir metric learning.
online reservoir metric learning	non-sparse linear representations	visual tracking
Inferring 3D Volumetric Shape of Both Moving Objects and Static Background Observed by a Moving Camera.
inferring 3d volumetric shape	static background observed	moving objects	moving camera
Sparse shape composition: A new framework for shape prior modeling.
shape prior modeling	sparse shape composition
Tracking the invisible: Learning where the object might be.
invisible
IVUS tissue characterization with sub-class error-correcting output codes.
sub-class error-correcting output codes	ivus tissue characterization
Removing Rain from Single Images via a Deep Detail Network.
deep detail network	removing rain	single images
Mobile panoramic imaging system.
mobile panoramic imaging system
Overhead-Based Image and Video Geo-localization Framework.
video geo-localization framework	overhead-based image
Collect-cut: Segmentation with top-down cues discovered in multi-object images.
multi-object images	cues discovered
A Statistical Framework for Elastic Shape Analysis of Spatio-Temporal Evolutions of Planar Closed Curves.
planar closed curves	elastic shape analysis	statistical framework	spatio-temporal evolutions
Exploring human visual system: Study to aid the development of automatic facial expression recognition framework.
automatic facial expression recognition framework	exploring human visual system
Efficient Point Process Inference for Large-Scale Object Detection.
efficient point process inference	large-scale object detection
Connected operators on 3D data for human body analysis.
human body analysis	3d data	connected operators
Task-Driven Dynamic Fusion: Reducing Ambiguity in Video Description.
task-driven dynamic fusion	video description	reducing ambiguity
Point-based non-rigid surface registration with accuracy estimation.
point-based non-rigid surface registration	accuracy estimation
Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation Using Web-Crawled Videos.
weakly supervised semantic segmentation	web-crawled videos
Pedestrian Detection in Infrared Images based on Local Shape Features.
infrared images based	local shape features	pedestrian detection
Multiscale geometric and spectral analysis of plane arrangements.
plane arrangements	multiscale geometric	spectral analysis
Disambiguating visual relations using loop constraints.
disambiguating visual relations	loop constraints
Sparse Coding Trees with application to emotion classification.
sparse coding trees	emotion classification
Adapted Gaussian models for image classification.
adapted gaussian models	image classification
A Low Power, Fully Event-Based Gesture Recognition System.
fully event-based gesture recognition system	low power
Subspace Clustering with Priors via Sparse Quadratically Constrained Quadratic Programming.
sparse quadratically constrained quadratic programming	subspace clustering
A generative statistical model for tracking multiple smooth trajectories.
tracking multiple smooth trajectories	generative statistical model
PatchMatch Based Joint View Selection and Depthmap Estimation.
patchmatch based joint view selection	depthmap estimation
Hidden Markov Models with Kernel Density Estimation of Emission Probabilities and their Use in Activity Recognition.
kernel density estimation	hidden markov models	activity recognition	emission probabilities
An online approach: Learning-Semantic-Scene-by-Tracking and Tracking-by-Learning-Semantic-Scene.
online approach
A study of query by semantic example.
query
Novel 4-D Open-Curve Active Contour and curve completion approach for automated tree structure extraction.
automated tree structure extraction	curve completion approach	open-curve active contour
Efficient Maximum Appearance Search for Large-Scale Object Detection.
efficient maximum appearance search	large-scale object detection
Shrink boost for selecting multi-LBP histogram features in object detection.
selecting multi-lbp histogram features	object detection	shrink boost
Open boundary capable edge grouping with feature maps.
open boundary capable edge grouping	feature maps
Using vision based tracking to support real-time graphical instruction for students who have visual impairments.
support real-time graphical instruction	vision based tracking	visual impairments
Egocentric Future Localization.
egocentric future localization
Optimal Step Nonrigid ICP Algorithms for Surface Registration.
optimal step nonrigid icp algorithms	surface registration
Simultaneous pose, correspondence and non-rigid shape.
simultaneous pose	non-rigid shape
Tracking Indistinguishable Translucent Objects over Time Using Weakly Supervised Structured Learning.
tracking indistinguishable translucent objects	weakly supervised structured learning
A Unified Probabilistic Framework for Facial Activity Modeling and Understanding.
facial activity modeling	unified probabilistic framework
Robust Maximum Likelihood estimation by sparse bundle adjustment using the L1 norm.
robust maximum likelihood estimation	sparse bundle adjustment	l1 norm
Stereo-Based 3D Reconstruction of Dynamic Fluid Surfaces by Global Optimization.
dynamic fluid surfaces	stereo-based 3d reconstruction	global optimization
Long-Term Occupancy Analysis Using Graph-Based Optimisation in Thermal Imagery.
long-term occupancy analysis	thermal imagery	graph-based optimisation
Generating Descriptions with Grounded and Co-referenced People.
co-referenced people	generating descriptions
Recognising faces in unseen modes: A tensor based approach.
tensor based approach	recognising faces	unseen modes
Shape priors and discrete MRFs for knowledge-based segmentation.
discrete mrfs	knowledge-based segmentation	shape priors
A New Metric for Latent Fingerprint Image Preprocessing.
latent fingerprint image preprocessing
Probabilistic learning of task-specific visual attention.
task-specific visual attention	probabilistic learning
Kernel Square-Loss Exemplar Machines for Image Retrieval.
kernel square-loss exemplar machines	image retrieval
Spatial Inference Machines.
spatial inference machines
Fusion of range and intensity information for view invariant gesture recognition.
view invariant gesture recognition	intensity information
A Hole Filling Approach Based on Background Reconstruction for View Synthesis in 3D Video.
hole filling approach based	view synthesis	3d video	background reconstruction
Weakly Supervised Action Learning with RNN Based Fine-to-Coarse Modeling.
weakly supervised action learning	rnn based fine-to-coarse modeling
Real-time gesture recognition using bio inspired 3D vision sensor.
bio inspired 3d vision sensor	real-time gesture recognition
More about VLAD: A leap from Euclidean to Riemannian manifolds.
riemannian manifolds
Matching 2D image lines to 3D models: Two improvements and a new algorithm.
matching 2d image lines	3d models
Large-Scale Visual Font Recognition.
large-scale visual font recognition
BFO Meets HOG: Feature Extraction Based on Histograms of Oriented p.d.f. Gradients for Image Classification.
bfo meets hog	feature extraction based	image classification
OM-2: An online multi-class Multi-Kernel Learning algorithm Luo Jie.
online multi-class multi-kernel learning algorithm luo jie
Convolutional Networks for Shape from Light Field.
convolutional networks	light field
Optical flow estimation with adaptive convolution kernel prior on discrete framework.
adaptive convolution kernel prior	optical flow estimation	discrete framework
Revisiting the Variable Projection Method for Separable Nonlinear Least Squares Problems.
variable projection method	separable nonlinear	squares problems
Real-time human detection in urban scenes: Local descriptors and classifiers selection with AdaBoost-like algorithms.
real-time human detection	urban scenes	local descriptors	classifiers selection
CALIPER: Continuous Authentication Layered with Integrated PKI Encoding Recognition.
integrated pki encoding recognition	continuous authentication layered
A preliminary investigation on the sensitivity of COTS face recognition systems to forensic analyst-style face processing for occlusions.
cots face recognition systems	forensic analyst-style face processing	preliminary investigation
Model recommendation for action recognition.
model recommendation	action recognition
Parsing Videos of Actions with Segmental Grammars.
segmental grammars	parsing videos
Capturing relightable images using computer monitors.
capturing relightable images	computer monitors
IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, CVPR Workshops 2008, Anchorage, AK, USA, 23-28 June, 2008
cvpr workshops 2008	ieee conference	computer vision	23-28 june	pattern recognition
A bi-illuminant dichromatic reflection model for understanding images.
bi-illuminant dichromatic reflection model	understanding images
Exact bias correction and covariance estimation for stereo vision.
exact bias correction	covariance estimation	stereo vision
Highway Vehicle Counting in Compressed Domain.
highway vehicle counting	compressed domain
Robust motion estimation and structure recovery from endoscopic image sequences with an Adaptive Scale Kernel Consensus estimator.
adaptive scale kernel consensus estimator	robust motion estimation	endoscopic image sequences	structure recovery
Recovering Stereo Pairs from Anaglyphs.
recovering stereo pairs
CNN-Based Patch Matching for Optical Flow with Thresholded Hinge Embedding Loss.
thresholded hinge embedding loss	cnn-based patch matching	optical flow
Learning Discriminative and Transformation Covariant Local Feature Detectors.
transformation covariant local feature detectors	learning discriminative
Building proteins in a day: Efficient 3D molecular reconstruction.
efficient 3d molecular reconstruction	building proteins
Recurrent Attentional Networks for Saliency Detection.
recurrent attentional networks	saliency detection
2007 IEEE Computer Society Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR 2007), 18-23 June 2007, Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA
2007 ieee computer society conference	computer vision	18-23 june 2007	pattern recognition
Convexity Shape Constraints for Image Segmentation.
convexity shape constraints	image segmentation
Surface-from-Gradients: An Approach Based on Discrete Geometry Processing.
discrete geometry processing	approach based
Time-to-contact from image intensity.
image intensity
Coherent image annotation by learning semantic distance.
coherent image annotation	learning semantic distance
Robust Light Field Depth Estimation for Noisy Scene with Occlusion.
robust light field depth estimation	noisy scene
Latent-Dynamic Discriminative Models for Continuous Gesture Recognition.
latent-dynamic discriminative models	continuous gesture recognition
A fully automated greedy square jigsaw puzzle solver.
fully automated greedy square jigsaw puzzle solver
Person re-identification in multi-camera networks.
multi-camera networks	person re-identification
Towards Semantic Understanding of Surrounding Vehicular Maneuvers: A Panoramic Vision-Based Framework for Real-World Highway Studies.
panoramic vision-based framework	surrounding vehicular maneuvers	real-world highway studies	semantic understanding
Affinity aggregation for spectral clustering.
spectral clustering	affinity aggregation
What do 15, 000 object categories tell us about classifying and localizing actions?
000 object categories	localizing actions
Linear Shape Deformation Models with Local Support Using Graph-Based Structured Matrix Factorisation.
linear shape deformation models	graph-based structured matrix factorisation	local support
2D-to-3D image conversion by learning depth from examples.
2d-to-3d image conversion	learning depth
Learning Features by Watching Objects Move.
watching objects move	learning features
Deep Compositional Captioning: Describing Novel Object Categories without Paired Training Data.
deep compositional captioning	paired training data	object categories
Nonnegative sparse coding for discriminative semi-supervised learning.
discriminative semi-supervised learning	nonnegative sparse coding
Self-calibrating photometric stereo.
self-calibrating photometric stereo
A Fast DRR Generation Scheme for 3D-2D Image Registration Based on the Block Projection Method.
3d-2d image registration based	fast drr generation scheme	block projection method
Stacked Progressive Auto-Encoders (SPAE) for Face Recognition Across Poses.
stacked progressive auto-encoders	face recognition
Granularity-tunable gradients partition (GGP) descriptors for human detection.
granularity-tunable gradients partition	human detection
The S-HOCK dataset: Analyzing crowds at the stadium.
analyzing crowds	s-hock dataset
Agent-Centric Risk Assessment: Accident Anticipation and Risky Region Localization.
risky region localization	agent-centric risk assessment	accident anticipation
Regression-based label fusion for multi-atlas segmentation.
regression-based label fusion	multi-atlas segmentation
3D Ground-Truth Systems for Object/Human Recognition and Tracking.
3d ground-truth systems	object/human recognition
Multimodal real-time focus of attention estimation in SmartRooms.
multimodal real-time focus	attention estimation
A tiered move-making algorithm for general pairwise MRFs.
general pairwise mrfs	tiered move-making algorithm
Continuous Manifold Based Adaptation for Evolving Visual Domains.
continuous manifold based adaptation	evolving visual domains
A kidney segmentation approach from DCE-MRI using level sets.
kidney segmentation approach	level sets
Pose-conditioned joint angle limits for 3D human pose reconstruction.
pose-conditioned joint angle limits	3d human pose reconstruction
Dense Semantic Labeling of Very-High-Resolution Aerial Imagery and LiDAR with Fully-Convolutional Neural Networks and Higher-Order CRFs.
very-high-resolution aerial imagery	fully-convolutional neural networks	dense semantic labeling	higher-order crfs
Collaborative personalization of image enhancement.
image enhancement	collaborative personalization
Robust nonrigid ICP using outlier-sparsity regularization.
robust nonrigid icp	outlier-sparsity regularization
Fine-grained histopathological image analysis via robust segmentation and large-scale retrieval.
fine-grained histopathological image analysis	robust segmentation	large-scale retrieval
SOLD: Sub-optimal low-rank decomposition for efficient video segmentation.
efficient video segmentation	sub-optimal low-rank decomposition
Patch-based probabilistic image quality assessment for face selection and improved video-based face recognition.
patch-based probabilistic image quality assessment	improved video-based face recognition	face selection
Experiments on an RGB-D Wearable Vision System for Egocentric Activity Recognition.
wearable vision system	egocentric activity recognition
Learning mid-level features for recognition.
learning mid-level features
Reweighted laplace prior based hyperspectral compressive sensing for unknown sparsity.
reweighted laplace prior based hyperspectral compressive sensing	unknown sparsity
Separation of Line Drawings Based on Split Faces for 3D Object Reconstruction.
line drawings based	3d object reconstruction	split faces
Toward user-specific tracking by detection of human shapes in multi-cameras.
human shapes	user-specific tracking
Non-rigid structure from motion with complementary rank-3 spaces.
complementary rank-3 spaces	non-rigid structure
A Principled Approach for Coarse-to-Fine MAP Inference.
coarse-to-fine map inference	principled approach
Object State Recognition for Automatic AR-Based Maintenance Guidance.
automatic ar-based maintenance guidance	object state recognition
Image Matting with Local and Nonlocal Smooth Priors.
nonlocal smooth priors	image matting
Uncalibrated photometric stereo based on elevation angle recovery from BRDF symmetry of isotropic materials.
uncalibrated photometric stereo based	elevation angle recovery	isotropic materials	brdf symmetry
Model-based hand tracking with texture, shading and self-occlusions.
model-based hand tracking
Bayes optimal kernel discriminant analysis.
bayes optimal kernel discriminant analysis
Sensor and Data Systems, Audio-Assisted Cameras and Acoustic Doppler Sensors.
acoustic doppler sensors	audio-assisted cameras	data systems
Dynamic 3D Scene Analysis from a Moving Vehicle.
dynamic 3d scene analysis	moving vehicle
A Hierarchical Approach for Generating Descriptive Image Paragraphs.
generating descriptive image paragraphs	hierarchical approach
Locality-constrained and spatially regularized coding for scene categorization.
spatially regularized coding	scene categorization
A Non-parametric Framework for Document Bleed-through Removal.
non-parametric framework	document bleed-
Weighted color and texture sample selection for image matting.
texture sample selection	weighted color	image matting
Efficient joint 2D and 3D palmprint matching with alignment refinement.
3d palmprint matching	efficient joint 2d	alignment refinement
Constrained parametric min-cuts for automatic object segmentation.
automatic object segmentation	constrained parametric min-cuts
Weak attributes for large-scale image retrieval.
large-scale image retrieval	weak attributes
Computational Imaging on the Electric Grid.
computational imaging	electric grid
Exploiting web images for event recognition in consumer videos: A multiple source domain adaptation approach.
multiple source domain adaptation approach	exploiting web images	consumer videos	event recognition
Interactively building a discriminative vocabulary of nameable attributes.
discriminative vocabulary	interactively building	nameable attributes
Bypass information-theoretic shape similarity from non-rigid points-based alignment.
bypass information-theoretic shape similarity	non-rigid points-based alignment
A Dataset for Persistent Multi-target Multi-camera Tracking in RGB-D.
persistent multi-target multi-camera tracking
Generating Object Segmentation Proposals Using Global and Local Search.
generating object segmentation proposals	local search
A game-theoretic approach to fine surface registration without initial motion estimation.
initial motion estimation	fine surface registration	game-theoretic approach
Weakly Supervised Dense Video Captioning.
weakly supervised dense video captioning
Unsupervised metric fusion by cross diffusion.
unsupervised metric fusion	cross diffusion
A Linear Extrinsic Calibration of Kaleidoscopic Imaging System from Single 3D Point.
linear extrinsic calibration	single 3d point	kaleidoscopic imaging system
Multi-view Super Vector for Action Recognition.
multi-view super vector	action recognition
Minimizing sparse higher order energy functions of discrete variables.
minimizing sparse higher order energy functions	discrete variables
A solution for multi-alignment by transformation synchronisation.
transformation synchronisation
Learning semantic relationships for better action retrieval in images.
learning semantic relationships	action retrieval
Incremental Learning of NCM Forests for Large-Scale Image Classification.
large-scale image classification	incremental learning	ncm forests
Autotagging Facebook: Social network context improves photo annotation.
social network context improves photo annotation	autotagging facebook
Algorithms for computing the group exponential of diffeomorphisms: Performance evaluation.
performance evaluation	group exponential
Grassmannian Manifold Optimization Assisted Sparse Spectral Clustering.
grassmannian manifold optimization assisted sparse spectral clustering
MDL patch correspondences on unlabeled images with occlusions.
mdl patch correspondences	unlabeled images
Collaborative feature learning from social media.
collaborative feature learning	social media
Reconstructing Storyline Graphs for Image Recommendation from Web Community Photos.
web community photos	reconstructing storyline graphs	image recommendation
Continuous depth estimation for multi-view stereo.
continuous depth estimation	multi-view stereo
Manhattan Scene Understanding via XSlit Imaging.
manhattan scene understanding	xslit imaging
Auto face re-ranking by mining the web and video archives.
auto face re-ranking	video archives
Multi-Object Tracking Using Color, Texture and Motion.
multi-object tracking
Video object proposals.
video object proposals
Heat diffusion over weighted manifolds: A new descriptor for textured 3D non-rigid shapes.
textured 3d non-rigid shapes	weighted manifolds	heat diffusion
Combining Region and Edge Cues for Image Segmentation in a Probabilistic Gaussian Mixture Framework.
probabilistic gaussian mixture framework	edge cues	image segmentation	combining region
Blind Deconvolution of Widefield Fluorescence Microscopic Data by Regularization of the Optical Transfer Function (OTF).
widefield fluorescence microscopic data	optical transfer function	blind deconvolution
Multi-view Photometric Stereo with Spatially Varying Isotropic Materials.
spatially varying isotropic materials	multi-view photometric stereo
Neural Decision Forests for Semantic Image Labelling.
semantic image labelling	neural decision forests
Supervised Kernel Descriptors for Visual Recognition.
supervised kernel descriptors	visual recognition
Axial light field for curved mirrors: Reflect your perspective, widen your view.
axial light field	curved mirrors
Social behavior recognition in continuous video.
social behavior recognition	continuous video
Recurrent Convolutional Neural Networks for Continuous Sign Language Recognition by Staged Optimization.
continuous sign language recognition	recurrent convolutional neural networks	staged optimization
Unbiased Photometric Stereo for Colored Surfaces: A Variational Approach.
unbiased photometric stereo	variational approach	colored surfaces
Spike train driven dynamical models for human actions.
spike train driven dynamical models	human actions
Revisiting overlap invariance in medical image alignment.
revisiting overlap invariance	medical image alignment
A Hierarchical Model of Shape and Appearance for Human Action Classification.
human action classification	hierarchical model
Atlas-based segmentation of brain magnetic resonance imaging using random walks.
brain magnetic resonance imaging	random walks	atlas-based segmentation
Towards understanding what makes 3D objects appear simple or complex.
makes 3d objects
POSEidon: Face-from-Depth for Driver Pose Estimation.
driver pose estimation
Deep Interactive Object Selection.
deep interactive object selection
Compressive depth map acquisition using a single photon-counting detector: Parametric signal processing meets sparsity.
parametric signal processing meets sparsity	compressive depth map acquisition	single photon-counting detector
What Is a "Good" Periocular Region for Recognition?
periocular region
A perceptually motivated online benchmark for image matting.
perceptually motivated online benchmark	image matting
Online Social Behavior Modeling for Multi-target Tracking.
online social behavior modeling	multi-target tracking
Computer vision methods for visual MIMO optical system.
visual mimo optical system	computer vision methods
Beyond F-Formations: Determining Social Involvement in Free Standing Conversing Groups from Static Images.
free standing conversing groups	determining social involvement	static images
FAST: A Framework to Accelerate Super-Resolution Processing on Compressed Videos.
accelerate super-resolution processing	compressed videos
Unsupervised learning of translation invariant occlusive components.
translation invariant occlusive components	unsupervised learning
Toroidal Constraints for Two-Point Localization Under High Outlier Ratios.
high outlier ratios	two-point localization	toroidal constraints
Progressive Learning for Interactive Surveillance Scenes Retrieval.
interactive surveillance scenes retrieval	progressive learning
Finding meaning on YouTube: Tag recommendation and category discovery.
category discovery	tag recommendation	finding meaning
Learning for Structured Prediction Using Approximate Subgradient Descent with Working Sets.
approximate subgradient descent	working sets	structured prediction
Enhanced continuous sign language recognition using PCA and neural network features.
enhanced continuous sign language recognition	neural network features
Recognition of Complex Events: Exploiting Temporal Dynamics between Underlying Concepts.
exploiting temporal dynamics	complex events	underlying concepts
Directional mean shift and its application for topology classification of local 3D structures.
local 3d structures	topology classification
Distributed calibration of pan-tilt camera network using multi-layered belief propagation.
multi-layered belief propagation	pan-tilt camera network	distributed calibration
Automatic seamless video mosaic from webcams using LSF techniques.
automatic seamless video mosaic	lsf techniques
Computing nearest-neighbor fields via Propagation-Assisted KD-Trees.
computing nearest-neighbor fields	propagation-assisted kd-trees
Statistics of real-world hyperspectral images.
real-world hyperspectral images
Adaptive and constrained algorithms for inverse compositional Active Appearance Model fitting.
inverse compositional active appearance model fitting	constrained algorithms
Orientation distribution estimation for Q-ball imaging.
orientation distribution estimation	q-ball imaging
3D Point Cloud Registration for Localization Using a Deep Neural Network Auto-Encoder.
3d point cloud registration	deep neural network auto-encoder
2D/3D rotation-invariant detection using equivariant filters and kernel weighted mapping.
2d/3d rotation-invariant detection	kernel weighted mapping	equivariant filters
DeepSpace: Mood-Based Image Texture Generation for Virtual Reality from Music.
mood-based image texture generation	virtual reality
Efficient parallel optimization for potts energy with hierarchical fusion.
efficient parallel optimization	hierarchical fusion	potts energy
GuessWhat?! Visual Object Discovery through Multi-modal Dialogue.
visual object discovery	multi-modal dialogue
Features and fusion for expression recognition - A comparative analysis.
expression recognition	comparative analysis
Cumulative Attribute Space for Age and Crowd Density Estimation.
cumulative attribute space	crowd density estimation
Kernel Null Space Methods for Novelty Detection.
kernel null space methods	novelty detection
On pairwise costs for network flow multi-object tracking.
network flow multi-object tracking	pairwise costs
Visual loop closing using multi-resolution SIFT grids in metric-topological SLAM.
multi-resolution sift grids	visual loop closing	metric-topological slam
Retinal image registration from 2D to 3D.
retinal image registration
Adaptive and Move Making Auxiliary Cuts for Binary Pairwise Energies.
move making auxiliary cuts	binary pairwise energies
A level set-based global shape prior and its application to image segmentation.
level set-based global shape prior	image segmentation
Modeling Temporal Dynamics and Spatial Configurations of Actions Using Two-Stream Recurrent Neural Networks.
two-stream recurrent neural networks	modeling temporal dynamics	spatial configurations
Motion-aware noise filtering for deblurring of noisy and blurry images.
motion-aware noise filtering	blurry images
Sequential Person Recognition in Photo Albums with a Recurrent Network.
sequential person recognition	photo albums	recurrent network
MIML-FCN+: Multi-Instance Multi-Label Learning via Fully Convolutional Networks with Privileged Information.
multi-instance multi-label learning	fully convolutional networks	privileged information
Measuring changes in face appearance through aging.
face appearance
A physically-based approach to reflection separation.
reflection separation	physically-based approach
Active Contours with Group Similarity.
active contours	group similarity
Edgel index for large-scale sketch-based image search.
large-scale sketch-based image search	edgel index
Sequence of the Most Informative Joints (SMIJ): A new representation for human skeletal action recognition.
human skeletal action recognition	informative joints
Hierarchical preference learning for light control from user feedback.
hierarchical preference learning	light control	user feedback
What is the Space of Attenuation Coefficients in Underwater Computer Vision?
underwater computer vision	attenuation coefficients
Off-the-shelf sensor integration for mono-SLAM on smart devices.
off-the-shelf sensor integration	smart devices
Real-Time Single Image and Video Super-Resolution Using an Efficient Sub-Pixel Convolutional Neural Network.
efficient sub-pixel convolutional neural network	real-time single image	video super-resolution
Multiple dynamic models for tracking the left ventricle of the heart from ultrasound data using particle filters and deep learning architectures.
multiple dynamic models	deep learning architectures	ultrasound data	particle filters	left ventricle
See all by looking at a few: Sparse modeling for finding representative objects.
finding representative objects	sparse modeling
YouTubeCat: Learning to categorize wild web videos.
categorize wild web videos
All About VLAD.
vlad
RGBD Datasets: Past, Present and Future.
rgbd datasets
Automatic Geo-location Correction of Satellite Imagery.
automatic geo-location correction	satellite imagery
Tracking of a non-rigid object via patch-based dynamic appearance modeling and adaptive Basin Hopping Monte Carlo sampling.
adaptive basin hopping monte carlo sampling	patch-based dynamic appearance modeling	non-rigid object
Subspace clustering by Mixture of Gaussian Regression.
gaussian regression	subspace clustering
Deep neural networks for anatomical brain segmentation.
deep neural networks	anatomical brain segmentation
Learning mixed templates for object recognition.
learning mixed templates	object recognition
Adaptive Distance Metric Learning for Clustering.
adaptive distance metric learning
Spatio-Temporal Vector of Locally Max Pooled Features for Action Recognition in Videos.
locally max pooled features	spatio-temporal vector	action recognition
Connecting non-quadratic variational models and MRFs.
connecting non-quadratic variational models
Multi-View Document Rectification using Boundary.
multi-view document rectification
Pose pooling kernels for sub-category recognition.
pose pooling kernels	sub-category recognition
What Is Usual in Unusual Videos? Trajectory Snippet Histograms for Discovering Unusualness.
trajectory snippet histograms	unusual videos	discovering unusualness
Context-Aware Captions from Context-Agnostic Supervision.
context-aware captions	context-agnostic supervision
Multi-resolution Shape Analysis via Non-Euclidean Wavelets: Applications to Mesh Segmentation and Surface Alignment Problems.
multi-resolution shape analysis	surface alignment problems	non-euclidean wavelets	mesh segmentation
Predicting performance of face recognition systems: An image characterization approach.
face recognition systems	image characterization approach	predicting performance
Shape-from-Template in Flatland.
shape-from-template
Structural correspondence as a contour grouping problem.
contour grouping problem	structural correspondence
Zero Shot Learning via Multi-scale Manifold Regularization.
multi-scale manifold regularization	shot learning
InterpoNet, a Brain Inspired Neural Network for Optical Flow Dense Interpolation.
brain inspired neural network	optical flow dense interpolation
Fast-At: Fast Automatic Thumbnail Generation Using Deep Neural Networks.
fast automatic thumbnail generation	deep neural networks
Robust unsupervised segmentation of degraded document images with topic models.
degraded document images	robust unsupervised segmentation	topic models
Out-of-Sample Embedding for Manifold Learning Applied to Face Recognition.
manifold learning applied	face recognition	out-of-sample embedding
Generalized Autoencoder: A Neural Network Framework for Dimensionality Reduction.
neural network framework	dimensionality reduction	generalized autoencoder
Attentional Push: A Deep Convolutional Network for Augmenting Image Salience with Shared Attention Modeling in Social Scenes.
deep convolutional network	augmenting image salience	shared attention modeling	attentional push	social scenes
A Continuous Occlusion Model for Road Scene Understanding.
road scene understanding	continuous occlusion model
Robust Hand Detection and Classification in Vehicles and in the Wild.
robust hand detection
Matching vehicles under large pose transformations using approximate 3D models and piecewise MRF model.
large pose transformations	approximate 3d models	piecewise mrf model	matching vehicles
IM2GPS: estimating geographic information from a single image.
estimating geographic information	single image
On dynamic scene geometry for view-invariant action matching.
view-invariant action matching	dynamic scene geometry
Superedge grouping for object localization by combining appearance and shape information.
combining appearance	object localization	shape information	superedge grouping
Stereo Vision embedded system for Augmented Reality.
stereo vision embedded system	augmented reality
Multi-label sparse coding for automatic image annotation.
multi-label sparse coding	automatic image annotation
A stable multi-scale kernel for topological machine learning.
topological machine learning	stable multi-scale kernel
Fast Haze Removal for Nighttime Image Using Maximum Reflectance Prior.
fast haze removal	maximum reflectance prior	nighttime image
Factorizing appearance using epitomic flobject analysis.
epitomic flobject analysis	factorizing appearance
Shape-based similarity retrieval of Doppler images for clinical decision support.
clinical decision support	shape-based similarity retrieval	doppler images
Simultaneous image transformation and sparse representation recovery.
sparse representation recovery	simultaneous image transformation
Automatic attribution of ancient Roman imperial coins.
ancient roman imperial coins	automatic attribution
Exploring features in a Bayesian framework for material recognition.
bayesian framework	material recognition	exploring features
What If We Do Not have Multiple Videos of the Same Action? - Video Action Localization Using Web Images.
video action localization	multiple videos	web images
3D face matching and registration based on hyperbolic Ricci flow.
3d face matching	hyperbolic ricci flow	registration based
Learning deep representations for ground-to-aerial geolocalization.
learning deep representations	ground-to-aerial geolocalization
Camera Calibration from Periodic Motion of a Pedestrian.
periodic motion	camera calibration
A framework for automated measurement of the intensity of non-posed Facial Action Units.
non-posed facial action units	automated measurement
Depth Acquisition from Density Modulated Binary Patterns.
density modulated binary patterns	depth acquisition
Seeking the Strongest Rigid Detector.
strongest rigid detector
Improving Interpretability of Deep Neural Networks with Semantic Information.
deep neural networks	semantic information	improving interpretability
Query Adaptive Similarity for Large Scale Object Retrieval.
large scale object retrieval	query adaptive similarity
Rear-Stitched View Panorama: A Low-Power Embedded Implementation for Smart Rear-View Mirrors on Vehicles.
rear-stitched view panorama	smart rear-view mirrors	low-power embedded implementation
Embedding Sequential Information into Spatiotemporal Features for Action Recognition.
embedding sequential information	action recognition	spatiotemporal features
Geometric Sequence (GS) imaging with Bayesian smoothing for optical and capacitive imaging sensors.
capacitive imaging sensors	geometric sequence	bayesian smoothing
Full BRDF Reconstruction Using CNNs from Partial Photometric Stereo-Light Field Data.
partial photometric stereo-light field data	full brdf reconstruction
IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, CVPR Workshops 2010, San Francisco, CA, USA, 13-18 June, 2010
pattern recognition	ieee conference	cvpr workshops 2010	computer vision	san francisco	13-18 june
Learning the easy things first: Self-paced visual category discovery.
self-paced visual category discovery	easy things
Hierarchical Multimodal Metric Learning for Multimodal Classification.
hierarchical multimodal metric learning	multimodal classification
End-to-End Instance Segmentation with Recurrent Attention.
end-to-end instance segmentation	recurrent attention
G2DeNet: Global Gaussian Distribution Embedding Network and Its Application to Visual Recognition.
global gaussian distribution embedding network	visual recognition
Single target tracking using adaptive clustered decision trees and dynamic multi-level appearance models.
adaptive clustered decision trees	dynamic multi-level appearance models	single target tracking
Learning to Learn, from Transfer Learning to Domain Adaptation: A Unifying Perspective.
domain adaptation	unifying perspective
FPGA-GPU architecture for kernel SVM pedestrian detection.
kernel svm pedestrian detection	fpga-gpu architecture
Quo Vadis, Action Recognition? A New Model and the Kinetics Dataset.
kinetics dataset	quo vadis	action recognition
Single-image shadow detection and removal using paired regions.
single-image shadow detection	paired regions
Predicting Face Recognition Performance in Unconstrained Environments.
predicting face recognition performance	unconstrained environments
Recognizing Night Walkers Based on One Pseudoshape Representation of Gait.
recognizing night walkers based	pseudoshape representation
Breaking the interactive bottleneck in multi-class classification with active selection and binary feedback.
active selection	interactive bottleneck	multi-class classification	binary feedback
Transfer re-identification: From person to set-based verification.
transfer re-identification	set-based verification
Robust object recognition in RGB-D egocentric videos based on Sparse Affine Hull Kernel.
sparse affine hull kernel	robust object recognition	egocentric videos based
Efficient planar features matching for robot localization using GPU.
efficient planar features matching	robot localization
Range-Sample Depth Feature for Action Recognition.
range-sample depth feature	action recognition
Spotting Audio-Visual Inconsistencies (SAVI) in Manipulated Video.
spotting audio-visual inconsistencies	manipulated video
Parallel and distributed graph cuts by dual decomposition.
distributed graph cuts	dual decomposition
Semantically-enriched 3D models for common-sense knowledge.
semantically-enriched 3d models	common-sense knowledge
Spatiotemporal analysis of RGB-D-T facial images for multimodal pain level recognition.
multimodal pain level recognition	facial images	spatiotemporal analysis
Modeling pixel means and covariances using factorized third-order boltzmann machines.
factorized third-order boltzmann machines	modeling pixel means
EDeN: Ensemble of Deep Networks for Vehicle Classification.
vehicle classification	deep networks
Batch mode Adaptive Multiple Instance Learning for computer vision tasks.
batch mode adaptive multiple instance learning	computer vision tasks
Precise detailed detection of faces and facial features.
precise detailed detection	facial features
The HFB Face Database for Heterogeneous Face Biometrics research.
heterogeneous face biometrics research	hfb face database
Exploiting the Power of Stereo Confidences.
stereo confidences
The Counting App, or How to Count Vehicles in 500 Hours of Video.
count vehicles	counting app
Jigsaw puzzles with pieces of unknown orientation.
jigsaw puzzles	unknown orientation
Multimodal Learning in Loosely-Organized Web Images.
loosely-organized web images	multimodal learning
The HCI Benchmark Suite: Stereo and Flow Ground Truth with Uncertainties for Urban Autonomous Driving.
urban autonomous driving	hci benchmark suite	flow ground truth
Who Do I Look Like? Determining Parent-Offspring Resemblance via Gated Autoencoders.
determining parent-offspring resemblance	gated autoencoders
Mnemonic Descent Method: A Recurrent Process Applied for End-to-End Face Alignment.
end-to-end face alignment	mnemonic descent method	recurrent process applied
Globally consistent depth labeling of 4D light fields.
globally consistent depth labeling	4d light fields
Fine-Grained Image Classification by Exploring Bipartite-Graph Labels.
exploring bipartite-graph labels	fine-grained image classification
Iterative Nearest Neighbors for classification and dimensionality reduction.
iterative nearest neighbors	dimensionality reduction
Deep Photo Style Transfer.
deep photo style transfer
Actionness Estimation Using Hybrid Fully Convolutional Networks.
hybrid fully convolutional networks	actionness estimation
Joint 3D Scene Reconstruction and Class Segmentation.
joint 3d scene reconstruction	class segmentation
Fast Zero-Shot Image Tagging.
fast zero-shot image tagging
Dynamic Edge-Conditioned Filters in Convolutional Neural Networks on Graphs.
dynamic edge-conditioned filters	convolutional neural networks
DeMoN: Depth and Motion Network for Learning Monocular Stereo.
learning monocular stereo	motion network
Pictorial structures revisited: People detection and articulated pose estimation.
pictorial structures revisited	articulated pose estimation	people detection
Two-person interaction detection using body-pose features and multiple instance learning.
two-person interaction detection	multiple instance learning	body-pose features
FAUST: Dataset and Evaluation for 3D Mesh Registration.
3d mesh registration
Predicting When Saliency Maps are Accurate and Eye Fixations Consistent.
eye fixations consistent	saliency maps
Real-time vehicle detection for highway driving.
real-time vehicle detection	highway driving
The differential geometry of shape from shading: Biology reveals curvature structure.
biology reveals curvature structure	differential geometry
Deep Learning Human Mind for Automated Visual Classification.
deep learning human mind	automated visual classification
Deep Quantization: Encoding Convolutional Activations with Deep Generative Model.
encoding convolutional activations	deep generative model	deep quantization
DenseReg: Fully Convolutional Dense Shape Regression In-the-Wild.
fully convolutional dense shape regression in-the-wild
Multiple view image denoising.
multiple view image denoising
Principal Observation Ray Calibration for Tiled-Lens-Array Integral Imaging Display.
principal observation ray calibration	tiled-lens-array integral imaging display
A Compact 3D Camera Suited for Mobile and Embedded Vision Applications.
compact 3d camera suited	embedded vision applications
Beyond spatial pyramids: Receptive field learning for pooled image features.
receptive field learning	pooled image features	spatial pyramids
Content-aware Ranking for visual search.
content-aware ranking	visual search
A metric parametrization for trifocal tensors with non-colinear pinholes.
metric parametrization	non-colinear pinholes	trifocal tensors
3D Human Pose Estimation = 2D Pose Estimation + Matching.
3d human pose estimation = 2d pose estimation + matching
Real-Time Model-Based Rigid Object Pose Estimation and Tracking Combining Dense and Sparse Visual Cues.
real-time model-based rigid object pose estimation	tracking combining dense	sparse visual cues
Enriching Visual Knowledge Bases via Object Discovery and Segmentation.
enriching visual knowledge bases	object discovery
Fresnel lens imaging with post-capture image processing.
fresnel lens imaging	post-capture image processing
GPU-accelerated, gradient-free MI deformable registration for atlas-based MR brain image segmentation.
atlas-based mr brain image segmentation	gradient-free mi deformable registration
Discontinuity Preserving Filtering over Analytic Manifolds.
discontinuity preserving filtering	analytic manifolds
Action Unit Detection with Region Adaptation, Multi-labeling Learning and Optimal Temporal Fusing.
optimal temporal fusing	action unit detection	region adaptation	multi-labeling learning
End-to-End Learning of Deformable Mixture of Parts and Deep Convolutional Neural Networks for Human Pose Estimation.
deep convolutional neural networks	human pose estimation	end-to-end learning	deformable mixture
Co-segmentation of Textured 3D Shapes with Sparse Annotations.
textured 3d shapes	sparse annotations
Fast features for time constrained object detection.
time constrained object detection	fast features
Fast, recurrent, attentional modulation improves saliency representation and scene recognition.
attentional modulation improves saliency representation	scene recognition
Automated annotation of coral reef survey images.
coral reef survey images	automated annotation
Seeing What You're Told: Sentence-Guided Activity Recognition in Video.
sentence-guided activity recognition
Dense photometric stereo reconstruction on many core GPUs.
dense photometric stereo reconstruction	core gpus
Improving the efficiency of hierarchical structure-and-motion.
hierarchical structure-and-motion
Discrete MRF Inference of Marginal Densities for Non-uniformly Discretized Variable Space.
non-uniformly discretized variable space	discrete mrf inference	marginal densities
Taylor expansion based classifier adaptation: Application to person detection.
taylor expansion based classifier adaptation	person detection
Localized statistics for DW-MRI fiber bundle segmentation.
dw-mri fiber bundle segmentation	localized statistics
Dynamic scene understanding: The role of orientation features in space and time in scene classification.
dynamic scene understanding	scene classification	orientation features
A Probabilistic Framework for Color-Based Point Set Registration.
color-based point set registration	probabilistic framework
Specular surface reconstruction from sparse reflection correspondences.
sparse reflection correspondences	specular surface reconstruction
3D Action Recognition from Novel Viewpoints.
3d action recognition
Efficient person re-identification by hybrid spatiogram and covariance descriptor.
efficient person re-identification	hybrid spatiogram	covariance descriptor
Progressive graph matching: Making a move of graphs via probabilistic voting.
progressive graph matching	probabilistic voting
Learning-based hypothesis fusion for robust catheter tracking in 2D X-ray fluoroscopy.
learning-based hypothesis fusion	2d x-ray fluoroscopy	robust catheter tracking
A compressive sensing approach for expression-invariant face recognition.
expression-invariant face recognition	compressive sensing approach
Mobile object detection through client-server based vote transfer.
client-server based vote transfer	mobile object detection
Real-time tracking of unconstrained full-body motion using Niching Swarm Filtering combined with local optimization.
niching swarm filtering combined	unconstrained full-body motion	local optimization	real-time tracking
Efficient automatic 3D-reconstruction of branching neurons from EM data.
efficient automatic 3d-reconstruction	em data	branching neurons
Distributed computer vision algorithms through distributed averaging.
distributed computer vision algorithms	distributed averaging
3D Face Recognition in the Presence of Expression: A Guidance-based Constraint Deformation Approach.
guidance-based constraint deformation approach	3d face recognition
Manifold SLIC: A Fast Method to Compute Content-Sensitive Superpixels.
compute content-sensitive superpixels	manifold slic	fast method
One step beyond histograms: Image representation using Markov stationary features.
markov stationary features	image representation
Pulling Things out of Perspective.
pulling things
ECO: Efficient Convolution Operators for Tracking.
efficient convolution operators
Nonparametric kernel estimators for image classification.
nonparametric kernel estimators	image classification
An Optimal Reduced Representation of a MoG with Applicatios to Medical Image Database Classification.
medical image database classification	optimal reduced representation
Facial expressions as feedback cue in human-robot interaction - a comparison between human and automatic recognition performances.
automatic recognition performances	human-robot interaction	feedback cue	facial expressions
Automatic Multiple Sclerosis detection based on integrated square estimation.
automatic multiple sclerosis detection based	integrated square estimation
Optimal HDR reconstruction with linear digital cameras.
linear digital cameras	optimal hdr reconstruction
Deformable image alignment as a source of stereo correspondences on portraits.
deformable image alignment	stereo correspondences
Spatio-Temporal Alignment of Non-overlapping Sequences from Independently Panning Cameras.
independently panning cameras	non-overlapping sequences	spatio-temporal alignment
Pan, zoom, scan - Time-coherent, trained automatic video cropping.
trained automatic video cropping
Global optimization for optimal generalized procrustes analysis.
optimal generalized procrustes analysis	global optimization
Cross-based local multipoint filtering.
cross-based local multipoint filtering
PSyCo: Manifold Span Reduction for Super Resolution.
manifold span reduction	super resolution
MuseumVisitors: A dataset for pedestrian and group detection, gaze estimation and behavior understanding.
behavior understanding	gaze estimation	group detection
The Cityscapes Dataset for Semantic Urban Scene Understanding.
semantic urban scene understanding	cityscapes dataset
Matrix completion by Truncated Nuclear Norm Regularization.
truncated nuclear norm regularization	matrix completion
Understanding classifier errors by examining influential neighbors.
understanding classifier errors	examining influential neighbors
Seamless change detection and mosaicing for aerial imagery.
seamless change detection	aerial imagery
FASON: First and Second Order Information Fusion Network for Texture Recognition.
order information fusion network	texture recognition
Riemannian Nonlinear Mixed Effects Models: Analyzing Longitudinal Deformations in Neuroimaging.
riemannian nonlinear mixed effects models	analyzing longitudinal deformations
Deep networks for saliency detection via local estimation and global search.
global search	saliency detection	local estimation	deep networks
Modeling local and global deformations in Deep Learning: Epitomic convolution, Multiple Instance Learning, and sliding window detection.
sliding window detection	multiple instance learning	deep learning	global deformations	modeling local	epitomic convolution
Multiple-Scattering Microphysics Tomography.
multiple-scattering microphysics tomography
Channel-Max, Channel-Drop and Stochastic Max-pooling.
stochastic max-pooling
Three viewpoints toward exemplar SVM.
exemplar svm
Multiple View Image Reconstruction: A Harmonic Approach.
multiple view image reconstruction	harmonic approach
Composition-Preserving Deep Photo Aesthetics Assessment.
composition-preserving deep photo aesthetics assessment
Cardiac disease detection from echocardiogram using edge filtered scale-invariant motion features.
edge filtered scale-invariant motion features	cardiac disease detection
Evaluation of Scan-Line Optimization for 3D Medical Image Registration.
3d medical image registration	scan-line optimization
Non-uniform Motion Deblurring for Bilayer Scenes.
non-uniform motion deblurring	bilayer scenes
Visual saliency detection by spatially weighted dissimilarity.
spatially weighted dissimilarity	visual saliency detection
High quality mesostructure acquisition using specularities.
high quality mesostructure acquisition
Predicting Failures of Vision Systems.
vision systems	predicting failures
Object-based RGBD image co-segmentation with mutex constraint.
object-based rgbd image co-segmentation	mutex constraint
Capturing large intra-class variations of biometric data by template co-updating.
capturing large intra-class variations	biometric data	template co-updating
Manifold blurring mean shift algorithms for manifold denoising.
manifold blurring	shift algorithms	manifold denoising
Unambiguous Text Localization and Retrieval for Cluttered Scenes.
unambiguous text localization	cluttered scenes
Constrained non-rigid registration using Lagrange multipliers for application in prostate radiotherapy.
constrained non-rigid registration	lagrange multipliers	prostate radiotherapy
Multi-agent event recognition in structured scenarios.
multi-agent event recognition	structured scenarios
A Consensus-Based Framework for Distributed Bundle Adjustment.
distributed bundle adjustment	consensus-based framework
CIDEr: Consensus-based image description evaluation.
consensus-based image description evaluation
Learning Binary Codes for High-Dimensional Data Using Bilinear Projections.
learning binary codes	bilinear projections	high-dimensional data
Automatic reconstruction of cities from remote sensor data.
remote sensor data	automatic reconstruction
Hands by hand: Crowd-sourced motion tracking for gesture annotation.
crowd-sourced motion tracking	gesture annotation
Adaptive region intensity based rigid ultrasound and CT image registration.
adaptive region intensity based rigid ultrasound	ct image registration
Robust learning of discriminative projection for multicategory classification on the Stiefel manifold.
robust learning	discriminative projection	stiefel manifold	multicategory classification
Learning lightness from human judgement on relative reflectance.
learning lightness	human judgement	relative reflectance
Learning a hierarchy of discriminative space-time neighborhood features for human action recognition.
discriminative space-time neighborhood features	human action recognition
Line matching leveraged by point correspondences.
line matching leveraged	point correspondences
Label propagation in video sequences.
video sequences	label propagation
Constant time O(1) bilateral filtering.
constant time	bilateral filtering
Anytime Recognition of Objects and Scenes.
anytime recognition
Cascade of Box (CABOX) Filters for Optimal Scale Space Approximation.
optimal scale space approximation
Robust estimation of gaussian mixtures from noisy input data.
noisy input data	gaussian mixtures	robust estimation
Macroscopic Interferometry: Rethinking Depth Estimation with Frequency-Domain Time-of-Flight.
rethinking depth estimation	macroscopic interferometry	frequency-domain time-of-flight
Tracking-as-Recognition for Articulated Full-Body Human Motion Analysis.
articulated full-body human motion analysis
Non-uniform Subset Selection for Active Learning in Structured Data.
non-uniform subset selection	structured data	active learning
PEET: Prototype Embedding and Embedding Transition for Matching Vehicles over Disparate Viewpoints.
disparate viewpoints	embedding transition	prototype embedding	matching vehicles
Warping background subtraction.
warping background subtraction
Learning to detect unseen object classes by between-class attribute transfer.
detect unseen object classes	between-class attribute transfer
Pairwise geometric matching for large-scale object retrieval.
large-scale object retrieval	pairwise geometric matching
Scalable face image retrieval with identity-based quantization and multi-reference re-ranking.
scalable face image retrieval	identity-based quantization	multi-reference re-ranking
Image Super-Resolution via Deep Recursive Residual Network.
deep recursive residual network	image super-resolution
Radiometric Calibration for Internet Photo Collections.
internet photo collections	radiometric calibration
Catadioptric projectors.
catadioptric projectors
An experimental study of employing visual appearance as a phenotype.
employing visual appearance	experimental study
Projection Based Real-Time Material Appearance Manipulation.
projection based real-time material appearance manipulation
Deep Learning Shape Priors for Object Segmentation.
deep learning shape priors	object segmentation
FaceNet: A unified embedding for face recognition and clustering.
unified embedding	face recognition
Learning Scalable Discriminative Dictionary with Sample Relatedness.
learning scalable discriminative dictionary	sample relatedness
Context and observation driven latent variable model for human pose estimation.
observation driven latent variable model	human pose estimation
CNN-N-Gram for HandwritingWord Recognition.
handwritingword recognition
Electromyograph and keystroke dynamics for spoof-resistant biometric authentication.
spoof-resistant biometric authentication	keystroke dynamics
NIR-VIS heterogeneous face recognition via cross-spectral joint dictionary learning and reconstruction.
nir-vis heterogeneous face recognition	cross-spectral joint dictionary learning
Robust one-shot 3D scanning using loopy belief propagation.
robust one-shot 3d scanning	loopy belief propagation
Bag of textons for image segmentation via soft clustering and convex shift.
convex shift	image segmentation	soft clustering
Geometric inpainting of 3D structures.
geometric inpainting	3d structures
A similarity measure between vector sequences with application to handwritten word image retrieval.
handwritten word image retrieval	vector sequences	similarity measure
Audiovisual event detection towards scene understanding.
audiovisual event detection	scene understanding
Recognition of walking humans in 3D: Initial results.
initial results	walking humans
Image webs: Computing and exploiting connectivity in image collections.
exploiting connectivity	image collections	image webs
Attribute-Based Detection of Unfamiliar Classes with Humans in the Loop.
attribute-based detection	unfamiliar classes
Temporal Action Co-Segmentation in 3D Motion Capture Data and Videos.
3d motion capture data	temporal action co-segmentation
Image categorization using Fisher kernels of non-iid image models.
non-iid image models	image categorization	fisher kernels
A Quasi-Minimal Model for Paper-Like Surfaces.
quasi-minimal model
Homography Estimation from the Common Self-Polar Triangle of Separate Ellipses.
common self-polar triangle	separate ellipses	homography estimation
Matrix Tri-Factorization with Manifold Regularizations for Zero-Shot Learning.
manifold regularizations	matrix tri-factorization	zero-shot learning
The Random Cluster Model for robust geometric fitting.
random cluster model	robust geometric fitting
Bayesian deblurring with integrated noise estimation.
integrated noise estimation	bayesian deblurring
Growing a Brain: Fine-Tuning by Increasing Model Capacity.
increasing model capacity
Predicting Multiple Attributes via Relative Multi-task Learning.
predicting multiple attributes	relative multi-task learning
Harvesting Mid-level Visual Concepts from Large-Scale Internet Images.
harvesting mid-level visual concepts	large-scale internet images
Learning Robot Activities from First-Person Human Videos Using Convolutional Future Regression.
learning robot activities	first-person human videos	convolutional future regression
Track-Clustering Error Evaluation for Track-Based Multi-camera Tracking System Employing Human Re-identification.
track-based multi-camera tracking system employing human re-identification	track-clustering error evaluation
Recovering shape from a single image of a mirrored surface from curvature constraints.
mirrored surface	recovering shape	curvature constraints	single image
Multilinear projection for face recognition via canonical decomposition.
canonical decomposition	multilinear projection	face recognition
Adherent Raindrop Detection and Removal in Video.
adherent raindrop detection
FREAK: Fast Retina Keypoint.
fast retina keypoint
Anti-spoofing in Action: Joint Operation with a Verification System.
verification system	joint operation
Predicting Ground-Level Scene Layout from Aerial Imagery.
predicting ground-level scene layout	aerial imagery
Random field topic model for semantic region analysis in crowded scenes from tracklets.
random field topic model	semantic region analysis	crowded scenes
Graph-based detection, segmentation & characterization of brain tumors.
segmentation & characterization	graph-based detection	brain tumors
Classification and evaluation of cost aggregation methods for stereo correspondence.
cost aggregation methods	stereo correspondence
3D model-based continuous emotion recognition.
3d model-based continuous emotion recognition
A Hough transform-based voting framework for action recognition.
hough transform-based voting framework	action recognition
Learning to Learn from Noisy Web Videos.
noisy web videos
Best-Buddies Similarity for robust template matching.
robust template matching	best-buddies similarity
Delineation of Skin Strata in Reflectance Confocal Microscopy Images with Recurrent Convolutional Networks.
reflectance confocal microscopy images	recurrent convolutional networks	skin strata
Image restoration and disparity estimation from an uncalibrated multi-layered image.
uncalibrated multi-layered image	image restoration	disparity estimation
FormResNet: Formatted Residual Learning for Image Restoration.
formatted residual learning	image restoration
Map-Enhanced UAV Image Sequence Registration and Synchronization of Multiple Image Sequences.
map-enhanced uav image sequence registration	multiple image sequences
Grassmannian Sparse Representations and Motion Depth Surfaces for 3D Action Recognition.
motion depth surfaces	grassmannian sparse representations	3d action recognition
Birdsnap: Large-Scale Fine-Grained Visual Categorization of Birds.
large-scale fine-grained visual categorization
Image segmentation in Twenty Questions.
twenty questions	image segmentation
Jointly Modeling Embedding and Translation to Bridge Video and Language.
jointly modeling embedding	bridge video
Full-Resolution Residual Networks for Semantic Segmentation in Street Scenes.
full-resolution residual networks	street scenes	semantic segmentation
Two-Class Weather Classification.
two-class weather classification
Discriminative learning of visual words for 3D human pose estimation.
3d human pose estimation	visual words	discriminative learning
MSR-VTT: A Large Video Description Dataset for Bridging Video and Language.
large video description dataset	bridging video
End-to-End Representation Learning for Correlation Filter Based Tracking.
correlation filter based tracking	end-to-end representation learning
Fusing subcategory probabilities for texture classification.
fusing subcategory probabilities	texture classification
Segment based 3D object shape priors.
segment based 3d object shape priors
Toward automatic 3D modeling of scenes using a generic camera model.
automatic 3d modeling	generic camera model
Actom sequence models for efficient action detection.
efficient action detection	actom sequence models
Robust classification using structured sparse representation.
structured sparse representation	robust classification
Active stereo tracking of multiple free-moving targets.
active stereo tracking	multiple free-moving targets
Automatic segmentation of video to aid the study of faucet usability for older adults.
older adults	automatic segmentation	faucet usability
Learning an Image-Based Motion Context for Multiple People Tracking.
image-based motion context	multiple people tracking
Image Captioning with Semantic Attention.
image captioning	semantic attention
Boosting dense SIFT descriptors and shape contexts of face images for gender recognition.
boosting dense sift descriptors	face images	shape contexts	gender recognition
Robust visual domain adaptation with low-rank reconstruction.
robust visual domain adaptation	low-rank reconstruction
Robust Interpolation of Correspondences for Large Displacement Optical Flow.
large displacement optical flow	robust interpolation
Towards semantic embedding in visual vocabulary.
semantic embedding	visual vocabulary
DSAC - Differentiable RANSAC for Camera Localization.
differentiable ransac	camera localization
Vision-Based Lane Analysis: Exploration of Issues and Approaches for Embedded Realization.
vision-based lane analysis	embedded realization
Dominant flow extraction and analysis in traffic surveillance videos.
traffic surveillance videos	dominant flow extraction
Segment an image by looking into an image corpus.
image corpus
Superpixel lattices.
superpixel lattices
Spectral-360: A Physics-Based Technique for Change Detection.
change detection	physics-based technique
The statistical modelling of fingerprint minutiae distribution with implications for fingerprint individuality studies.
fingerprint individuality studies	fingerprint minutiae distribution	statistical modelling
Missing Modalities Imputation via Cascaded Residual Autoencoder.
cascaded residual autoencoder	missing modalities imputation
Variable baseline/resolution stereo.
variable baseline/resolution stereo
Integration of multiple contextual information for image segmentation using a Bayesian Network.
multiple contextual information	bayesian network	image segmentation
3D Pictorial Structures for Multiple View Articulated Pose Estimation.
multiple view articulated pose estimation	3d pictorial structures
Background Subtraction via generalized fused lasso foreground modeling.
generalized fused lasso foreground modeling	background subtraction
A Text Detection System for Natural Scenes with Convolutional Feature Learning and Cascaded Classification.
convolutional feature learning	text detection system	natural scenes	cascaded classification
Two-Stream Neural Networks for Tampered Face Detection.
tampered face detection	two-stream neural networks
Illumination Multiplexing within Fundamental Limits.
fundamental limits	illumination multiplexing
Attributes and categories for generic instance search from one example.
generic instance search
Piecewise planar city 3D modeling from street view panoramic sequences.
piecewise planar city 3d modeling	street view panoramic sequences
Generalizing Wiberg algorithm for rigid and nonrigid factorizations with missing components and metric constraints.
generalizing wiberg algorithm	metric constraints	missing components	nonrigid factorizations
Unsupervised Pixel-Level Domain Adaptation with Generative Adversarial Networks.
unsupervised pixel-level domain adaptation	generative adversarial networks
6 Seconds of Sound and Vision: Creativity in Micro-videos.
6 seconds
Stacked Hourglass Network for Robust Facial Landmark Localisation.
robust facial landmark localisation	stacked hourglass network
Street-to-shop: Cross-scenario clothing retrieval via parts alignment and auxiliary set.
cross-scenario clothing retrieval	auxiliary set	parts alignment
Facial Feature Tracking Under Varying Facial Expressions and Face Poses Based on Restricted Boltzmann Machines.
face poses based	facial feature tracking	varying facial expressions	restricted boltzmann machines
Detector adaptation by maximising agreement between independent data sources.
independent data sources	maximising agreement	detector adaptation
Natural gradients for deformable registration.
natural gradients	deformable registration
Automatic Target Recognition in Infrared Imagery Using Dense HOG Features and Relevance Grouping of Vocabulary.
automatic target recognition	dense hog features	relevance grouping	infrared imagery
Mixture of Bilateral-Projection Two-Dimensional Probabilistic Principal Component Analysis.
bilateral-projection two-dimensional probabilistic principal component analysis
Indoor scene structure analysis for single image depth estimation.
single image depth estimation	indoor scene structure analysis
A Bio-inspired Learning Approach for the Classification of Risk Zones in a Smart Space.
bio-inspired learning approach	risk zones	smart space
Fast algorithms for structured robust principal component analysis.
structured robust principal component analysis	fast algorithms
Learning Dynamic GMM for Attention Distribution on Single-Face Videos.
learning dynamic gmm	single-face videos	attention distribution
Learning Non-linear Reconstruction Models for Image Set Classification.
learning non-linear reconstruction models	image set classification
Calibrating a Non-isotropic Near Point Light Source Using a Plane.
point light source
IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, CVPR Workshops 2013, Portland, OR, USA, June 23-28, 2013
pattern recognition	june 23-28	cvpr workshops 2013	ieee conference	computer vision
Linearizing the Plenoptic Space.
plenoptic space
A real-time pedestrian classification method for event-based dynamic stereo vision.
real-time pedestrian classification method	event-based dynamic stereo vision
P-N learning: Bootstrapping binary classifiers by structural constraints.
bootstrapping binary classifiers	structural constraints
A regularized spectral algorithm for Hidden Markov Models with applications in computer vision.
hidden markov models	regularized spectral algorithm	computer vision
Design and perceptual validation of performance measures for salient object segmentation.
salient object segmentation	performance measures	perceptual validation
Compressible Motion Fields.
compressible motion fields
A Joint Speaker-Listener-Reinforcer Model for Referring Expressions.
joint speaker-listener-reinforcer model	referring expressions
Exploiting Traffic Scene Disparity Statistics for Stereo Vision.
exploiting traffic scene disparity statistics	stereo vision
Compensation of motion artifacts in MRI via graph-based optimization.
graph-based optimization	motion artifacts
Interactive image matting for multiple layers.
interactive image matting	multiple layers
Learning to Select Pre-Trained Deep Representations with Bayesian Evidence Framework.
select pre-trained deep representations	bayesian evidence framework
Geometric understanding of point clouds using Laplace-Beltrami operator.
point clouds	geometric understanding	laplace-beltrami operator
Shape of Gaussians as feature descriptors.
feature descriptors
Correlational spectral clustering.
correlational spectral clustering
Event-driven embodied system for feature extraction and object recognition in robotic applications.
event-driven embodied system	robotic applications	object recognition	feature extraction
Exploiting uncertainty in regression forests for accurate camera relocalization.
accurate camera relocalization	exploiting uncertainty	regression forests
Understanding image representations by measuring their equivariance and equivalence.
understanding image representations
Picking the best DAISY.
picking
A line-structure-preserving approach to image resizing.
line-structure-preserving approach	image resizing
Camera spectral sensitivity estimation from a single image under unknown illumination by using fluorescence.
camera spectral sensitivity estimation	unknown illumination	single image
Multi-way Multi-level Kernel Modeling for Neuroimaging Classification.
multi-level kernel modeling	neuroimaging classification
K-Means Hashing: An Affinity-Preserving Quantization Method for Learning Binary Compact Codes.
learning binary compact codes	affinity-preserving quantization method	k-means hashing
Long-term recurrent convolutional networks for visual recognition and description.
long-term recurrent convolutional networks	visual recognition
Recognize complex events from static images by fusing deep channels.
fusing deep channels	recognize complex events	static images
Generalized Gaussian process models.
generalized gaussian process models
Learning Sparse High Dimensional Filters: Image Filtering, Dense CRFs and Bilateral Neural Networks.
learning sparse high dimensional filters	bilateral neural networks	image filtering	dense crfs
Regularized Mixed Dimensionality and Density Learning in Computer Vision.
regularized mixed dimensionality	computer vision	density learning
Bayesian Active Contours with Affine-Invariant, Elastic Shape Prior.
elastic shape prior	bayesian active contours
Automated Screening of Job Candidate Based on Multimodal Video Processing.
job candidate based	multimodal video processing	automated screening
Supervised Descent Method and Its Applications to Face Alignment.
supervised descent method	face alignment
Episodic CAMN: Contextual Attention-Based Memory Networks with Iterative Feedback for Scene Labeling.
contextual attention-based memory networks	scene labeling	iterative feedback	episodic camn
Learning Attributes Equals Multi-Source Domain Generalization.
learning attributes equals multi-source domain generalization
Two-point correlation as a feature for histology images: Feature space structure and correlation updating.
feature space structure	histology images	correlation updating	two-point correlation
Appearance-based keypoint clustering.
appearance-based keypoint clustering
A conditional random field for automatic photo editing.
conditional random field	automatic photo editing
Factorization towards a classifier.
classifier
Statistical analysis on Stiefel and Grassmann manifolds with applications in computer vision.
computer vision	grassmann manifolds	statistical analysis
iCub World: Friendly Robots Help Building Good Vision Data-Sets.
building good vision data-sets	friendly robots	icub world
Tuning Modular Networks with Weighted Losses for Hand-Eye Coordination.
tuning modular networks	hand-eye coordination	weighted losses
Covariance Descriptors for 3D Shape Matching and Retrieval.
3d shape matching	covariance descriptors
A direct formulation for totally-corrective multi-class boosting.
totally-corrective multi-class boosting	direct formulation
Graph-Structured Representations for Visual Question Answering.
visual question answering	graph-structured representations
Using Locally Corresponding CAD Models for Dense 3D Reconstructions from a Single Image.
dense 3d reconstructions	cad models	single image
Measuring Energy Expenditure in Sports by Thermal Video Analysis.
thermal video analysis	measuring energy expenditure
Exploring Implicit Image Statistics for Visual Representativeness Modeling.
exploring implicit image statistics	visual representativeness modeling
Emotional Expression Classification Using Time-Series Kernels.
emotional expression classification	time-series kernels
Improving Iris Identification using User Quality and Cohort Information.
improving iris identification	user quality	cohort information
Polarimetric Multi-view Stereo.
polarimetric multi-view stereo
Illumination compensation based change detection using order consistency.
illumination compensation based change detection	order consistency
Product Split Trees.
product split trees
Scene Segmentation and Categorization Using NCuts.
scene segmentation
Sparsity model for robust optical flow estimation at motion discontinuities.
robust optical flow estimation	motion discontinuities	sparsity model
Illuminant-Camera Communication to Observe Moving Objects under Strong External Light by Spread Spectrum Modulation.
observe moving objects	spread spectrum modulation	strong external light	illuminant-camera communication
Robust Surface Reconstruction via Triple Sparsity.
robust surface reconstruction	triple sparsity
Automatic symmetry-integrated brain injury detection in MRI sequences.
automatic symmetry-integrated brain injury detection	mri sequences
An alignment based similarity measure for hand detection in cluttered sign language video.
cluttered sign language video	alignment based similarity measure	hand detection
Zero-Shot Event Detection Using Multi-modal Fusion of Weakly Supervised Concepts.
zero-shot event detection	weakly supervised concepts	multi-modal fusion
Making 360° Video Watchable in 2D: Learning Videography for Click Free Viewing.
making 360° video watchable	click free viewing	learning videography
BoxCars: 3D Boxes as CNN Input for Improved Fine-Grained Vehicle Recognition.
improved fine-grained vehicle recognition	cnn input	3d boxes
Top-down and bottom-up cues for scene text recognition.
scene text recognition
Enhancing by saliency-guided decolorization.
saliency-guided decolorization
Seven Ways to Improve Example-Based Single Image Super Resolution.
improve example-based single image super resolution
Pedestrian detection: A benchmark.
pedestrian detection
Fast globally optimal 2D human detection with loopy graph models.
fast globally optimal 2d human detection	loopy graph models
Colorization as a Proxy Task for Visual Understanding.
visual understanding	proxy task
Casual stereoscopic panorama stitching.
casual stereoscopic panorama stitching
From Stochastic Grammar to Bayes Network: Probabilistic Parsing of Complex Activity.
complex activity	probabilistic parsing	stochastic grammar	bayes network
Transductive object cutout.
transductive object cutout
(Unseen) event recognition via semantic compositionality.
event recognition	semantic compositionality
Computing minimal deformations: application to construction of statistical shape models.
computing minimal deformations	statistical shape models
Finding the Subspace Mean or Median to Fit Your Need.
finding
Opti-Acoustic Stereo Imaging, System Calibration and 3-D Reconstruction.
opti-acoustic stereo imaging	system calibration
Histogram of Weighted Local Directions for Gait Recognition.
weighted local directions	gait recognition
Trusting the Computer in Computer Vision: A Privacy-Affirming Framework.
privacy-affirming framework
Tag Taxonomy Aware Dictionary Learning for Region Tagging.
tag taxonomy aware dictionary learning	region tagging
Face Alignment at 3000 FPS via Regressing Local Binary Features.
regressing local binary features	face alignment
Self Scaled Regularized Robust Regression.
scaled regularized robust regression
Detector Ensemble.
detector ensemble
Hierarchical-PEP model for real-world face recognition.
real-world face recognition	hierarchical-pep model
Active volume models for 3D medical image segmentation.
3d medical image segmentation	active volume models
A minimal solution to the autocalibration of radial distortion.
radial distortion	minimal solution
Biased Manifold Embedding: A Framework for Person-Independent Head Pose Estimation.
person-independent head pose estimation	biased manifold embedding
Nonparametric hierarchical Bayesian model for functional brain parcellation.
nonparametric hierarchical bayesian model	functional brain parcellation
3D pose refinement from reflections.
3d pose refinement
Human Action Recognition Using Tensor Dynamical System Modeling.
tensor dynamical system modeling	human action recognition
Landmarks-based kernelized subspace alignment for unsupervised domain adaptation.
landmarks-based kernelized subspace alignment	unsupervised domain adaptation
Subspace Tracking under Dynamic Dimensionality for Online Background Subtraction.
online background subtraction	dynamic dimensionality	subspace tracking
Lost! Leveraging the Crowd for Probabilistic Visual Self-Localization.
probabilistic visual self-localization
3D R Transform on Spatio-temporal Interest Points for Action Recognition.
spatio-temporal interest points	action recognition
Incorporating Structural Alternatives and Sharing into Hierarchy for Multiclass Object Recognition and Detection.
multiclass object recognition	incorporating structural alternatives
Visual detection of lintel-occluded doors from a single image.
lintel-occluded doors	visual detection	single image
A large-to-fine-scale shape prior for probabilistic segmentations using a deformable m-rep.
large-to-fine-scale shape prior	deformable m-rep	probabilistic segmentations
Implementation and evaluation of FAST corner detection on the massively parallel embedded processor MX-G.
massively parallel embedded processor mx-	fast corner detection
Dense linear-time correspondences for tracking.
dense linear-time correspondences
Learning color and locality cues for moving object detection and segmentation.
moving object detection	locality cues	learning color
When 3D Reconstruction Meets Ubiquitous RGB-D Images.
3d reconstruction meets ubiquitous rgb-
Beyond Physical Connections: Tree Models in Human Pose Estimation.
human pose estimation	physical connections	tree models
Dense spatio-temporal motion segmentation for tracking multiple self-occluding people.
tracking multiple self-occluding people	dense spatio-temporal motion segmentation
The One Hundred Layers Tiramisu: Fully Convolutional DenseNets for Semantic Segmentation.
hundred layers tiramisu	fully convolutional densenets	semantic segmentation
Comparative Deep Learning of Hybrid Representations for Image Recommendations.
comparative deep learning	hybrid representations	image recommendations
Fast Image Gradients Using Binary Feature Convolutions.
binary feature convolutions	fast image gradients
Piecewise-Planar 3D Approximation from Wide-Baseline Stereo.
piecewise-planar 3d approximation	wide-baseline stereo
Face model fitting based on machine learning from multi-band images of facial components.
face model fitting based	multi-band images	facial components	machine learning
A syntax for image understanding.
image understanding
A theory of multi-layer flat refractive geometry.
multi-layer flat refractive geometry
A Max-Margin Riffled Independence Model for Image Tag Ranking.
max-margin riffled independence model	image tag ranking
A min-max framework of cascaded classifier with multiple instance learning for computer aided diagnosis.
computer aided diagnosis	multiple instance learning	min-max framework	cascaded classifier
Toward low latency gesture control using smart camera network.
low latency gesture control	smart camera network
Hierarchical audio-visual cue integration framework for activity analysis in intelligent meeting rooms.
hierarchical audio-visual cue integration framework	intelligent meeting rooms	activity analysis
Learning non-local range Markov Random field for image restoration.
learning non-local range markov random field	image restoration
Bottom-up Recognition and Parsing of the Human Body.
human body
Recognizing proxemics in personal photos.
recognizing proxemics	personal photos
Blind optical aberration correction by exploring geometric and visual priors.
blind optical aberration correction	exploring geometric	visual priors
Visual Attention-Driven Spatial Pooling for Image Memorability.
visual attention-driven spatial pooling	image memorability
Direct Photometric Alignment by Mesh Deformation.
direct photometric alignment	mesh deformation
Dense non-rigid surface registration using high-order graph matching.
dense non-rigid surface registration	high-order graph matching
TILDE: A Temporally Invariant Learned DEtector.
temporally invariant learned detector
Simultaneous learning of a discriminative projection and prototypes for Nearest-Neighbor classification.
nearest-neighbor classification	simultaneous learning	discriminative projection
Improved anomaly detection in crowded scenes via cell-based analysis of foreground speed, size and texture.
improved anomaly detection	crowded scenes	foreground speed	cell-based analysis
Learning to Localize Little Landmarks.
localize
Efficient 3D Room Shape Recovery from a Single Panorama.
efficient 3d room shape recovery	single panorama
DCMSVM: Distributed parallel training for single-machine multiclass classifiers.
single-machine multiclass classifiers	distributed parallel training
Improving Facial Attribute Prediction Using Semantic Segmentation.
improving facial attribute prediction	semantic segmentation
A multi-view probabilistic model for 3D object classes.
multi-view probabilistic model	3d object classes
Talking Heads: Detecting Humans and Recognizing Their Interactions.
detecting humans	talking heads
An importance sampling approach to learning structural representations of shape.
learning structural representations	importance sampling approach
Detecting Anomalous Objects on Mobile Platforms.
detecting anomalous objects	mobile platforms
Training Object Class Detectors with Click Supervision.
training object class detectors	click supervision
Consensus-Based Image Segmentation via Topological Persistence.
consensus-based image segmentation	topological persistence
Capture considerations for multiview panoramic cameras.
multiview panoramic cameras	capture considerations
Discrete Optimisation for Group-Wise Cortical Surface Atlasing.
group-wise cortical surface atlasing	discrete optimisation
Visual7W: Grounded Question Answering in Images.
grounded question answering
Saturation-preserving specular reflection separation.
saturation-preserving specular reflection separation
Unsupervised discovery of co-occurrence in sparse high dimensional data.
sparse high dimensional data	unsupervised discovery
SCALPEL: Segmentation Cascades with Localized Priors and Efficient Learning.
localized priors	efficient learning	segmentation cascades
Robust point set registration using EM-ICP with information-theoretically optimal outlier handling.
information-theoretically optimal outlier handling	robust point set registration
Cache-efficient graph cuts on structured grids.
cache-efficient graph cuts	structured grids
Regional image similarity criteria based on the Kozachenko-Leonenko entropy estimator.
regional image similarity criteria based	kozachenko-leonenko entropy estimator
EgoTracker: Pedestrian Tracking with Re-identification in Egocentric Videos.
pedestrian tracking	egocentric videos
Learning ordinal discriminative features for age estimation.
learning ordinal discriminative features	age estimation
Automated characterization of bacteria in confocal microscope images.
confocal microscope images	automated characterization
Graph Cut Based Optimization for MRFs with Truncated Convex Priors.
graph cut based optimization	truncated convex priors
Online Detection and Classification of Dynamic Hand Gestures with Recurrent 3D Convolutional Neural Networks.
recurrent 3d convolutional neural networks	dynamic hand gestures	online detection
Learning invariance through imitation.
learning invariance
Probabilistic visibility for multi-view stereo.
probabilistic visibility	multi-view stereo
Not Everybody's Special: Using Neighbors in Referring Expressions with Uncertain Attributes.
referring expressions	uncertain attributes
Image Pre-compensation: Balancing Contrast and Ringing.
balancing contrast	image pre-compensation
OVVV: Using Virtual Worlds to Design and Evaluate Surveillance Systems.
evaluate surveillance systems	virtual worlds
A low-dimensional step pattern analysis algorithm with application to multimodal retinal image registration.
low-dimensional step pattern analysis algorithm	multimodal retinal image registration
Occluding Contours for Multi-view Stereo.
occluding contours	multi-view stereo
Robustifying eye center localization by head pose cues.
robustifying eye center localization	head pose cues
Learning Non-Lambertian Object Intrinsics Across ShapeNet Categories.
learning non-lambertian object intrinsics	shapenet categories
Optimizing Average Precision Using Weakly Supervised Data.
optimizing average precision	weakly supervised data
Light Field Convergency: Implicit Photometric Consistency on Transparent Surface.
light field convergency	implicit photometric consistency	transparent surface
Convex Global 3D Registration with Lagrangian Duality.
convex global 3d registration	lagrangian duality
A 3D reconstruction pipeline for digital preservation.
3d reconstruction pipeline	digital preservation
FireCaffe: Near-Linear Acceleration of Deep Neural Network Training on Compute Clusters.
deep neural network training	compute clusters	near-linear acceleration
Biologically plausible detection of amorphous objects in the wild.
biologically plausible detection	amorphous objects
Cross-View Action Modeling, Learning, and Recognition.
cross-view action modeling
Viewpoints and keypoints.
viewpoints
Affinity learning via self-diffusion for image segmentation and clustering.
affinity learning	image segmentation
Fast randomized Singular Value Thresholding for Nuclear Norm Minimization.
nuclear norm minimization	fast randomized singular
Estimating Gaze Direction of Vehicle Drivers Using a Smartphone Camera.
estimating gaze direction	vehicle drivers	smartphone camera
Burst deblurring: Removing camera shake through fourier burst accumulation.
removing camera shake	fourier burst accumulation	burst deblurring
Robust Click-Point Linking: Matching Visually Dissimilar Local Regions.
matching visually dissimilar local regions	robust click-point linking
Towards 3D object detection with bimodal deep Boltzmann machines over RGBD imagery.
bimodal deep boltzmann machines	3d object detection	rgbd imagery
Semantic Depth Map Fusion for Moving Vehicle Detection in Aerial Video.
semantic depth map fusion	moving vehicle detection	aerial video
Generative modeling of spatio-temporal traffic sign trajectories.
spatio-temporal traffic sign trajectories	generative modeling
Using Galois Theory to Prove Structure from Motion Algorithms are Optimal.
motion algorithms	galois theory	prove structure
Video Object Segmentation through Spatially Accurate and Temporally Dense Extraction of Primary Object Regions.
video object segmentation	temporally dense extraction	primary object regions	spatially accurate
Texture Complexity Based Redundant Regions Ranking for Object Proposal.
texture complexity based redundant regions ranking	object proposal
Isotropy, Reciprocity and the Generalized Bas-Relief Ambiguity.
generalized bas-relief ambiguity
Towards a Quality Metric for Dense Light Fields.
dense light fields	quality metric
Closed-Loop Tracking and Change Detection in Multi-Activity Sequences.
change detection	closed-loop tracking	multi-activity sequences
Knowledge Acquisition for Visual Question Answering via Iterative Querying.
visual question answering	knowledge acquisition	iterative querying
Fast and Robust Archetypal Analysis for Representation Learning.
robust archetypal analysis	representation learning
Random Laplace Feature Maps for Semigroup Kernels on Histograms.
random laplace feature maps	semigroup kernels
Joint Sparsity-Based Representation and Analysis of Unconstrained Activities.
joint sparsity-based representation	unconstrained activities
Average of Synthetic Exact Filters.
synthetic exact filters
Sparse composite quantization.
sparse composite quantization
Deep Learning on Lie Groups for Skeleton-Based Action Recognition.
skeleton-based action recognition	deep learning	lie groups
The SYNTHIA Dataset: A Large Collection of Synthetic Images for Semantic Segmentation of Urban Scenes.
urban scenes	semantic segmentation	synthia dataset	synthetic images	large collection
Vantage Feature Frames for Fine-Grained Categorization.
vantage feature frames	fine-grained categorization
Causal video object segmentation from persistence of occlusions.
causal video object segmentation
Fine-grained visual categorization via multi-stage metric learning.
fine-grained visual categorization	multi-stage metric learning
Densely Connected Convolutional Networks.
densely connected convolutional networks
Tracking on the Product Manifold of Shape and Orientation for Tractography from Diffusion MRI.
product manifold	diffusion mri
Surveillance Video Parsing with Single Frame Supervision.
surveillance video parsing	single frame supervision
Efficient SDP inference for fully-connected CRFs based on low-rank decomposition.
efficient sdp inference	fully-connected crfs based	low-rank decomposition
Consistent image analogies using semi-supervised learning.
consistent image analogies	semi-supervised learning
A computationally efficient approach to 3D ear recognition employing local and holistic features.
3d ear recognition employing local	computationally efficient approach	holistic features
A family of contextual measures of similarity between distributions with application to image retrieval.
image retrieval	contextual measures
Body Part Based Re-Identification from an Egocentric Perspective.
body part based re-identification	egocentric perspective
Incremental learning of nonparametric Bayesian mixture models.
nonparametric bayesian mixture models	incremental learning
Improving superpixel boundaries using information beyond the visual spectrum.
improving superpixel boundaries	visual spectrum
A Fast Semidefinite Approach to Solving Binary Quadratic Problems.
solving binary quadratic problems	fast semidefinite approach
DeepBE: Learning Deep Binary Encoding for Multi-label Classification.
learning deep binary encoding	multi-label classification
GraB: Visual Saliency via Novel Graph Model and Background Priors.
graph model	visual saliency	background priors
A Comparative Study for Single Image Blind Deblurring.
single image blind deblurring	comparative study
Variational Bayes Based Approach to Robust Subspace Learning.
variational bayes based approach	robust subspace learning
Prototyping a light field display involving direct observation of a video projector array.
light field display involving direct observation	video projector array
Echocardiogram view classification using edge filtered scale-invariant motion features.
edge filtered scale-invariant motion features	echocardiogram view classification
Geo-located image analysis using latent representations.
geo-located image analysis	latent representations
Learning to share visual appearance for multiclass object detection.
share visual appearance	multiclass object detection
On conversion from color to gray-scale images for face detection.
face detection	gray-scale images
Boosting Binary Keypoint Descriptors.
boosting binary keypoint descriptors
Improving Image Matting Using Comprehensive Sampling Sets.
comprehensive sampling sets	improving image matting
Straight to Shapes: Real-Time Detection of Encoded Shapes.
real-time detection
The Solution Path Algorithm for Identity-Aware Multi-object Tracking.
solution path algorithm	identity-aware multi-object tracking
Low level vision via switchable Markov random fields.
switchable markov random fields	low level vision
Geometric video projector auto-calibration.
geometric video projector auto-calibration
Fast polygonal integration and its application in extending haar-like features to improve object detection.
fast polygonal integration	improve object detection	extending haar-
Efficient Image Set Classification Using Linear Regression Based Image Reconstruction.
linear regression based image reconstruction	efficient image set classification
Fully-Adaptive Feature Sharing in Multi-Task Networks with Applications in Person Attribute Classification.
person attribute classification	fully-adaptive feature sharing	multi-task networks
Uncertainty Quantification of Lucas Kanade Feature Track and Application to Visual Odometry.
lucas kanade feature track	visual odometry	uncertainty quantification
Surveillance in Virtual Reality: System Design and Multi-Camera Control.
virtual reality	multi-camera control	system design
Deep Secure Encoding for Face Template Protection.
face template protection	deep secure encoding
Scenario-based score fusion for face recognition at a distance.
scenario-based score fusion	face recognition
Active image clustering: Seeking constraints from humans to complement algorithms.
active image clustering	complement algorithms	seeking constraints
Non-rigid Segmentation Using Sparse Low Dimensional Manifolds and Deep Belief Networks.
sparse low dimensional manifolds	deep belief networks	non-rigid segmentation
Multilinear Hyperplane Hashing.
multilinear hyperplane hashing
Efficient inference for fully-connected CRFs with stationarity.
fully-connected crfs	efficient inference
Efficient and accurate approximations of nonlinear convolutional networks.
nonlinear convolutional networks	accurate approximations
Are Digraphs Good for Free-Text Keystroke Dynamics?
free-text keystroke dynamics	digraphs good
ANSIG - An analytic signature for permutation-invariant two-dimensional shape representation.
permutation-invariant two-dimensional shape representation	analytic signature
ScanNet: Richly-Annotated 3D Reconstructions of Indoor Scenes.
richly-annotated 3d reconstructions	indoor scenes
Image Deblurring via Extreme Channels Prior.
extreme channels prior	image deblurring
Efficient action spotting based on a spacetime oriented structure representation.
spacetime oriented structure representation	efficient action spotting based
Fast track matching and event detection.
fast track matching	event detection
Revisiting Metric Learning for SPD Matrix Based Visual Representation.
spd matrix based visual representation	revisiting metric learning
Image-Based Localization Using Hybrid Feature Correspondences.
hybrid feature correspondences	image-based localization
Adapting a Pedestrian Detector by Boosting LDA Exemplar Classifiers.
boosting lda exemplar classifiers	pedestrian detector
Aerial Reconstructions via Probabilistic Data Fusion.
probabilistic data fusion	aerial reconstructions
Compact Matrix Factorization with Dependent Subspaces.
compact matrix factorization	dependent subspaces
Learning affinities and dependencies for multi-target tracking using a CRF model.
learning affinities	crf model	multi-target tracking
Real-time joint estimation of camera orientation and vanishing points.
real-time joint estimation	vanishing points	camera orientation
Manifold Based Dynamic Texture Synthesis from Extremely Few Samples.
manifold based dynamic texture synthesis
Fuzzy statistical modeling of dynamic backgrounds for moving object detection in infrared videos.
moving object detection	fuzzy statistical modeling	infrared videos	dynamic backgrounds
Kernel Sparse Subspace Clustering on Symmetric Positive Definite Manifolds.
symmetric positive definite manifolds	kernel sparse subspace clustering
Building reconstruction from a single DEM.
single dem	building reconstruction
Gradient-Domain Image Reconstruction Framework with Intensity-Range and Base-Structure Constraints.
gradient-domain image reconstruction framework	base-structure constraints
Multi-fiber reconstruction from DW-MRI using a continuous mixture of von Mises-Fisher distributions.
von mises-fisher distributions	multi-fiber reconstruction	continuous mixture
A Benchmark Dataset and Evaluation for Non-Lambertian and Uncalibrated Photometric Stereo.
uncalibrated photometric stereo	benchmark dataset
Switchable Deep Network for Pedestrian Detection.
switchable deep network	pedestrian detection
lp norm multiple kernel Fisher discriminant analysis for object and image categorisation.
lp norm multiple kernel fisher discriminant analysis	image categorisation
Uncalibrated Photometric Stereo for Unknown Isotropic Reflectances.
unknown isotropic reflectances	uncalibrated photometric stereo
Specular Reflection Separation Using Dark Channel Prior.
specular reflection separation	dark channel prior
Unsupervised random forest indexing for fast action search.
unsupervised random forest indexing	fast action search
Learning full pairwise affinities for spectral segmentation.
learning full pairwise affinities	spectral segmentation
Compact Representation for Image Classification: To Choose or to Compress?
compact representation	image classification
Human motion synthesis from 3D video.
human motion synthesis	3d video
Even More Confident Predictions with Deep Machine-Learning.
deep machine-learning	confident predictions
Zero-Shot Classification with Discriminative Semantic Representation Learning.
discriminative semantic representation learning	zero-shot classification
Deep Stereo: Learning to Predict New Views from the World's Imagery.
deep stereo
Implicit hierarchical boosting for multi-view object detection.
multi-view object detection	implicit hierarchical boosting
An efficient fashion-driven learning approach to model user preferences in on-line shopping scenarios.
efficient fashion-driven learning approach	on-line shopping scenarios	model user preferences
FANNG: Fast Approximate Nearest Neighbour Graphs.
fast approximate nearest neighbour graphs
Globally optimal bilinear programming for computer vision applications.
globally optimal bilinear programming	computer vision applications
Radon-Like features and their application to connectomics.
application
Genetic algorithm attack on minutiae-based fingerprint authentication and protected template fingerprint systems.
protected template fingerprint systems	minutiae-based fingerprint authentication	genetic algorithm attack
Model recommendation: Generating object detectors from few samples.
generating object detectors	model recommendation
LOMo: Latent Ordinal Model for Facial Analysis in Videos.
latent ordinal model	facial analysis
Saliency propagation from simple to difficult.
saliency propagation
Photometric stereo with non-parametric and spatially-varying reflectance.
spatially-varying reflectance	photometric stereo
A Graph Reduction Method for 2D Snake Problems.
graph reduction method	2d snake problems
Facial Affect "In-the-Wild": A Survey and a New Database.
facial affect
Sparsity, redundancy and optimal image support towards knowledge-based segmentation.
optimal image support	knowledge-based segmentation
Natural vs Artificial Face Classification Using Uniform Local Directional Patterns and Wavelet Uniform Local Directional Patterns.
wavelet uniform local directional patterns	uniform local directional patterns	artificial face classification
Joint Probabilistic Matching Using m-Best Solutions.
joint probabilistic matching
The American Sign Language Lexicon Video Dataset.
american sign language lexicon video dataset
Head Pose Estimation Based on Multivariate Label Distribution.
head pose estimation based	multivariate label distribution
3D ultrasound tracking of the left ventricle using one-step forward prediction and data fusion of collaborative trackers.
3d ultrasound tracking	one-step forward prediction	collaborative trackers	left ventricle	data fusion
Action recognition with trajectory-pooled deep-convolutional descriptors.
trajectory-pooled deep-convolutional descriptors	action recognition
A new retexturing method for virtual fitting room using Kinect 2 camera.
virtual fitting room	kinect 2 camera	retexturing method
Resolving the Generalized Bas-Relief Ambiguity by Entropy Minimization.
generalized bas-relief ambiguity	entropy minimization
Mobile image search with multimodal context-aware queries.
multimodal context-aware queries	mobile image search
Redundancy and diversity measure inspired biometrics fusion.
diversity measure inspired biometrics fusion
Detection of windows in point clouds of urban scenes.
urban scenes	point clouds
Transitive Distance Clustering with K-Means Duality.
transitive distance clustering	k-means duality
Actionness Ranking with Lattice Conditional Ordinal Random Fields.
lattice conditional ordinal random fields	actionness ranking
An optimal control approach for deformable registration.
optimal control approach	deformable registration
Blur vs. Block: Investigating the Effectiveness of Privacy-Enhancing Obfuscation for Images.
privacy-enhancing obfuscation
Scalable Frame to Block Based Automatic Converter for Efficient Embedded Vision Processing.
block based automatic converter	efficient embedded vision processing	scalable frame
Learning object relationships via graph-based context model.
learning object relationships	graph-based context model
Fast kernel learning for spatial pyramid matching.
fast kernel learning	spatial pyramid matching
Real-time scene text localization and recognition.
real-time scene text localization
Three-dimensional kaleidoscopic imaging.
three-dimensional kaleidoscopic imaging
A Stream Algebra for Computer Vision Pipelines.
computer vision pipelines	stream algebra
Intra-frame deblurring by leveraging inter-frame camera motion.
leveraging inter-frame camera motion	intra-frame deblurring
Scene classification of images and video via semantic segmentation.
scene classification	semantic segmentation
Consistent pose normalization of non-rigid shapes using One-Class Support Vector Machines.
one-class support vector machines	consistent pose normalization	non-rigid shapes
Multiclass semantic video segmentation with object-level active inference.
multiclass semantic video segmentation	object-level active inference
Scattering Parameters and Surface Normals from Homogeneous Translucent Materials Using Photometric Stereo.
homogeneous translucent materials	surface normals	photometric stereo	scattering parameters
Respiratory rate estimation via simultaneously tracking and segmentation.
respiratory rate estimation	simultaneously tracking
Sampling bedrooms.
sampling bedrooms
Illumination invariant representation for privacy preserving face identification.
privacy preserving face identification	illumination invariant representation
Multiple People Tracking by Lifted Multicut and Person Re-identification.
multiple people tracking	lifted multicut	person re-identification
Improved Hamming Distance Search Using Variable Length Hashing.
improved hamming distance search	variable length hashing
Polynomial shape from shading.
polynomial shape
Scalable Object Detection Using Deep Neural Networks.
deep neural networks	scalable object detection
Statistical attack against iris-biometric fuzzy commitment schemes.
iris-biometric fuzzy commitment schemes	statistical attack
SANet: Structure-Aware Network for Visual Tracking.
visual tracking	structure-aware network
Building a Regular Decision Boundary with Deep Networks.
regular decision boundary	deep networks
Scalable Surface Reconstruction from Point Clouds with Extreme Scale and Density Diversity.
scalable surface reconstruction	point clouds	density diversity	extreme scale
Real-time Object Classification in Video Surveillance Based on Appearance Learning.
real-time object classification	video surveillance based	appearance learning
Multi-task Correlation Particle Filter for Robust Object Tracking.
multi-task correlation particle filter	robust object tracking
Soft-Margin Mixture of Regressions.
soft-margin mixture
Local features are not lonely - Laplacian sparse coding for image classification.
laplacian sparse coding	image classification	local features
Visual tracking via incremental self-tuning particle filtering on the affine group.
incremental self-tuning particle filtering	visual tracking	affine group
Discovering Objects of Joint Attention via First-Person Sensing.
discovering objects	joint attention	first-person sensing
Tracking rotating fluids in realtime using snapshots.
tracking rotating fluids
Robust tracking using local sparse appearance model and K-selection.
local sparse appearance model	robust tracking
A Video Representation Using Temporal Superpixels.
video representation	temporal superpixels
Efficient subdivision-based image and volume warping.
efficient subdivision-based image	volume warping
Modeling complex luminance variations for target tracking.
modeling complex luminance variations	target tracking
Model-based respiratory motion compensation for image-guided cardiac interventions.
model-based respiratory motion compensation	image-guided cardiac interventions
Manifold Learning Techniques in Image Analysis of High-dimensional Diffusion Tensor Magnetic Resonance Images.
high-dimensional diffusion tensor magnetic resonance images	manifold learning techniques	image analysis
From dictionary of visual words to subspaces: Locality-constrained affine subspace coding.
locality-constrained affine subspace coding	visual words
Robust camera calibration tool for video surveillance camera in urban environment.
robust camera calibration tool	video surveillance camera	urban environment
Graph commute times for image representation.
graph commute times	image representation
EigenJoints-based action recognition using Naïve-Bayes-Nearest-Neighbor.
eigenjoints-based action recognition	naïve-bayes-nearest-neighbor
Self-Calibration-Based Approach to Critical Motion Sequences of Rolling-Shutter Structure from Motion.
critical motion sequences	self-calibration-based approach	rolling-shutter structure
Non-rigid articulated point set registration with Local Structure Preservation.
non-rigid articulated point set registration	local structure preservation
Asymmetric distances for binary embeddings.
binary embeddings	asymmetric distances
Physical Avatars in a Projector-Camera Tangible User Interface Enhance Quantitative Simulation Analysis and Engagement.
projector-camera tangible user interface enhance quantitative simulation analysis	physical avatars
Real-time coarse-to-fine topologically preserving segmentation.
real-time coarse-to-fine topologically preserving segmentation
Monocular SLAM with locally planar landmarks via geometric rao-blackwellized particle filtering on Lie groups.
geometric rao-blackwellized particle filtering	locally planar landmarks	monocular slam	lie groups
Unsupervised Monocular Depth Estimation with Left-Right Consistency.
unsupervised monocular depth estimation
Towards total scene understanding: Classification, annotation and segmentation in an automatic framework.
total scene understanding	automatic framework
Practical Online Active Learning for Classification.
practical online active learning
Embedded Motion Detection via Neural Response Mixture Background Modeling.
neural response mixture background modeling	embedded motion detection
An effective document image deblurring algorithm.
effective document image deblurring algorithm
Face Recognition across Poses Using a Single 3D Reference Model.
single 3d reference model	face recognition
3D non-rigid registration for MPU implicit surfaces.
3d non-rigid registration	mpu implicit surfaces
Learning to recognize objects in egocentric activities.
egocentric activities	recognize objects
A Fully Automatic Method to Extract the Heart Rate from Thermal Video.
fully automatic method	heart rate	thermal video
SUN database: Large-scale scene recognition from abbey to zoo.
large-scale scene recognition	sun database
Soft biometric trait classification from real-world face videos conditioned on head pose estimation.
real-world face videos conditioned	soft biometric trait classification	head pose estimation
Design and implementation of a wide area, large-scale camera network.
large-scale camera network	wide area
Prediction of search targets from fixations in open-world settings.
search targets	open-world settings
A Face Annotation Framework with Partial Clustering and Interactive Labeling.
face annotation framework	partial clustering	interactive labeling
Gesture Recognition Portfolios for Personalization.
gesture recognition portfolios
Complex Activity Recognition Using Granger Constrained DBN (GCDBN) in Sports and Surveillance Video.
granger constrained dbn	complex activity recognition	surveillance video
Nonlinear Nonnegative Component Analysis.
nonlinear nonnegative component analysis
The challenge of putting vision algorithms into a car.
putting vision algorithms
Skeleton Key: Image Captioning by Skeleton-Attribute Decomposition.
skeleton key	image captioning	skeleton-attribute decomposition
Oil spill candidate detection from SAR imagery using a thresholding-guided stochastic fully-connected conditional random field model.
thresholding-guided stochastic fully-connected conditional random field model	oil spill candidate detection	sar imagery
Recognizing Micro-Actions and Reactions from Paired Egocentric Videos.
paired egocentric videos	recognizing micro-actions
Multi-camera activity correlation analysis.
multi-camera activity correlation analysis
Inside-Outside Net: Detecting Objects in Context with Skip Pooling and Recurrent Neural Networks.
recurrent neural networks	detecting objects	skip pooling
Fast Object Detection with Entropy-Driven Evaluation.
fast object detection	entropy-driven evaluation
Observe-and-explain: A new approach for multiple hypotheses tracking of humans and objects.
multiple hypotheses tracking
Statistical Textural Distinctiveness for Salient Region Detection in Natural Images.
salient region detection	statistical textural distinctiveness	natural images
2012 IEEE Computer Society Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition Workshops, Providence, RI, USA, June 16-21, 2012
2012 ieee computer society conference	pattern recognition workshops	computer vision	june 16-21
Video event recognition with deep hierarchical context model.
deep hierarchical context model	video event recognition
Population Shape Collapse in Large Deformation Registration of MR Brain Images.
mr brain images	large deformation registration	population shape collapse
Efficiently training a better visual detector with sparse eigenvectors.
visual detector	efficiently training	sparse eigenvectors
Efficient reconfigurable entropy coder for embedded multi-standards video adaptation.
efficient reconfigurable entropy coder	embedded multi-standards video adaptation
2013 IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, Portland, OR, USA, June 23-28, 2013
pattern recognition	june 23-28	computer vision	2013 ieee conference
Social LSTM: Human Trajectory Prediction in Crowded Spaces.
human trajectory prediction	crowded spaces	social lstm
Facial component detection in thermal imagery.
facial component detection	thermal imagery
Face alignment via boosted ranking model.
boosted ranking model	face alignment
Robust FEC-CNN: A High Accuracy Facial Landmark Detection System.
high accuracy facial landmark detection system	robust fec-cnn
A 3D extension to cortex like mechanisms for 3D object class recognition.
3d object class recognition	3d extension
Flow mosaicking: Real-time pedestrian counting without scene-specific learning.
real-time pedestrian counting	flow mosaicking	scene-specific learning
Towards a practical lipreading system.
practical lipreading system
We Don't Need No Bounding-Boxes: Training Object Class Detectors Using Only Human Verification.
training object class detectors	human verification
Scene Recognition with CNNs: Objects, Scales and Dataset Bias.
dataset bias	scene recognition
AdaBoost on low-rank PSD matrices for metric learning.
low-rank psd matrices	metric learning
Multi-object tracking through occlusions by local tracklets filtering and global tracklets association with detection responses.
global tracklets association	local tracklets filtering	multi-object tracking	detection responses
Subgraph matching using compactness prior for robust feature correspondence.
robust feature correspondence	subgraph matching	compactness prior
Not All Pixels Are Equal: Difficulty-Aware Semantic Segmentation via Deep Layer Cascade.
deep layer cascade	difficulty-aware semantic segmentation
Beyond one-to-one feature correspondence: The need for many-to-many matching and image abstraction.
image abstraction	feature correspondence
Exploiting local and global patch rarities for saliency detection.
global patch rarities	saliency detection	exploiting local
Unsupervised Segmentation of Cervical Cell Images Using Gaussian Mixture Model.
gaussian mixture model	cervical cell images	unsupervised segmentation
What's in a Name? First Names as Facial Attributes.
facial attributes
Unsupervised Semantic Scene Labeling for Streaming Data.
unsupervised semantic scene labeling	streaming data
Fast locally consistent dense stereo on multicore.
fast locally consistent dense stereo
CNN Based Yeast Cell Segmentation in Multi-modal Fluorescent Microscopy Data.
cnn based yeast cell segmentation	multi-modal fluorescent microscopy data
Memory-based Particle Filter for face pose tracking robust under complex dynamics.
face pose tracking robust	memory-based particle filter	complex dynamics
Fast algorithms for L INFINITY problems in multiview geometry.
infinity problems	multiview geometry	fast algorithms
Efficient Diffusion on Region Manifolds: Recovering Small Objects with Compact CNN Representations.
recovering small objects	compact cnn representations	region manifolds	efficient diffusion
Real-time global localization with a pre-built visual landmark database.
pre-built visual landmark database	real-time global localization
Video-based localization without 3D mapping for the visually impaired.
visually impaired	3d mapping	video-based localization
A multi-resolution framework for diffusion tensor images.
diffusion tensor images	multi-resolution framework
Nonparametric scene parsing: Label transfer via dense scene alignment.
nonparametric scene parsing	dense scene alignment	label transfer
Semi-supervised Learning on Semantic Manifold for Event Analysis in Dynamic Scenes.
event analysis	semi-supervised learning	dynamic scenes	semantic manifold
Variational Distance-Dependent Image Restoration.
variational distance-dependent image restoration
Dense Semantic Image Segmentation with Objects and Attributes.
dense semantic image segmentation
Laplacian Coordinates for Seeded Image Segmentation.
seeded image segmentation	laplacian coordinates
Self lane assignment using egocentric smart mobile camera for intelligent GPS navigation.
egocentric smart mobile camera	intelligent gps navigation	lane assignment
Contextual classification with functional Max-Margin Markov Networks.
functional max-margin markov networks	contextual classification
Shading-Based Shape Refinement of RGB-D Images.
shading-based shape refinement
Vulnerabilities in binary face template.
binary face template
A probabilistic segmentation method for the identification of luminal borders in intravascular ultrasound images.
intravascular ultrasound images	probabilistic segmentation method	luminal borders
Loitering Behaviour Detection of Boats at Sea.
loitering behaviour detection
Human action recognition using Local Spatio-Temporal Discriminant Embedding.
local spatio-temporal discriminant embedding	human action recognition
Recovering Transparent Shape from Time-of-Flight Distortion.
recovering transparent shape	time-of-flight distortion
Force from Motion: Decoding Physical Sensation in a First Person Video.
decoding physical sensation	person video
Evaluating New Variants of Motion Interchange Patterns.
motion interchange patterns
Towards unlocking web video: Automatic people tracking and clustering.
automatic people tracking	unlocking web video
Tree quantization for large-scale similarity search and classification.
large-scale similarity search	tree quantization
Adaptive figure-ground classification.
adaptive figure-ground classification
Warp propagation for video resizing.
warp propagation	video resizing
Two-View Motion Segmentation from Linear Programming Relaxation.
two-view motion segmentation	linear programming relaxation
What do color changes reveal about an outdoor scene?
outdoor scene
Learning a Gaussian basis for spectra representation aimed at reflectance classification.
spectra representation aimed	reflectance classification	gaussian basis
Learning Visual Similarity Measures for Comparing Never Seen Objects.
learning visual similarity measures
3D deep shape descriptor.
3d deep shape descriptor
Revisiting Depth Layers from Occlusions.
revisiting depth layers
Multivariate General Linear Models (MGLM) on Riemannian Manifolds with Applications to Statistical Analysis of Diffusion Weighted Images.
multivariate general linear models	diffusion weighted images	riemannian manifolds	statistical analysis
Shadow Removal in Front Projection Environments Using Object Tracking.
front projection environments	shadow removal	object tracking
The Generalized Laplacian Distance and Its Applications for Visual Matching.
generalized laplacian distance	visual matching
A walk through the web's video clips.
video clips
Fantope Regularization in Metric Learning.
fantope regularization	metric learning
3D shape scanning with a time-of-flight camera.
3d shape scanning	time-of-flight camera
ActivityNet: A large-scale video benchmark for human activity understanding.
human activity understanding	large-scale video benchmark
Visual Event Recognition in News Video using Kernel Methods with Multi-Level Temporal Alignment.
visual event recognition	multi-level temporal alignment	kernel methods	news video
Locality-constrained discriminative learning and coding.
locality-constrained discriminative learning
Discriminative Non-blind Deblurring.
discriminative non-blind deblurring
Shading constraint improves accuracy of time-of-flight measurements.
shading constraint improves accuracy	time-of-flight measurements
Stable multi-target tracking in real-time surveillance video.
stable multi-target tracking	real-time surveillance video
Toward real-time grocery detection for the visually impaired.
real-time grocery detection	visually impaired
Stochastic gradient kernel density mode-seeking.
stochastic gradient kernel density mode-seeking
Distributed volumetric scene geometry reconstruction with a network of distributed smart cameras.
distributed volumetric scene geometry reconstruction	distributed smart cameras
The Next Best Underwater View.
underwater view
Exploiting hierarchical context on a large database of object categories.
exploiting hierarchical context	object categories	large database
Detecting Changes in 3D Structure of a Scene from Multi-view Images Captured by a Vehicle-Mounted Camera.
multi-view images captured	vehicle-mounted camera	3d structure
Simple Does It: Weakly Supervised Instance and Semantic Segmentation.
weakly supervised instance	semantic segmentation
Audio-Visual Speech Fusion Using Coupled Hidden Markov Models.
coupled hidden markov models	audio-visual speech fusion
Who killed the directed model?
directed model
Beyond trees: MRF inference via outer-planar decomposition.
outer-planar decomposition	mrf inference
Geodesic exponential kernels: When curvature and linearity conflict.
geodesic exponential kernels	linearity conflict
Calibration and rectification for reflection stereo.
reflection stereo
Brain-Inspired Classroom Occupancy Monitoring on a Low-Power Mobile Platform.
brain-inspired classroom occupancy monitoring	low-power mobile platform
A dynamic programming approach for fast and robust object pose recognition from range images.
robust object pose recognition	dynamic programming approach	range images
Foreground detection using spatiotemporal projection kernels.
spatiotemporal projection kernels	foreground detection
Deep Convolutional Neural Network Using Triplets of Faces, Deep Ensemble, and Score-Level Fusion for Face Recognition.
deep convolutional neural network	deep ensemble	face recognition	score-level fusion
Improved facial expression recognition via uni-hyperplane classification.
improved facial expression recognition	uni-hyperplane classification
Classifier based graph construction for video segmentation.
classifier based graph construction	video segmentation
Segmenting Images on the Tensor Manifold.
segmenting images	tensor manifold
Time-Contrastive Networks: Self-Supervised Learning from Multi-view Observation.
time-contrastive networks	self-supervised learning	multi-view observation
Interaction part mining: A mid-level approach for fine-grained action recognition.
interaction part mining	fine-grained action recognition	mid-level approach
Multi-observation face recognition in videos based on label propagation.
multi-observation face recognition	label propagation	videos based
Fast cost-volume filtering for visual correspondence and beyond.
fast cost-volume filtering	visual correspondence
Online Graph Completion: Multivariate Signal Recovery in Computer Vision.
multivariate signal recovery	online graph completion	computer vision
Semantics-preserving hashing for cross-view retrieval.
cross-view retrieval	semantics-preserving hashing
Visual recognition by counting instances: A multi-instance cardinality potential kernel.
multi-instance cardinality potential kernel	counting instances	visual recognition
On the location dependence of convolutional neural network features.
convolutional neural network features	location dependence
Isometric Non-rigid Shape-from-Motion in Linear Time.
isometric non-rigid shape-from-motion	linear time
High-Speed Measurement of BRDF using an Ellipsoidal Mirror and a Projector.
ellipsoidal mirror	high-speed measurement
Discriminative Correlation Filter with Channel and Spatial Reliability.
discriminative correlation filter	spatial reliability
On the Efficacy of Correcting for Refractive Effects in Iris Recognition.
iris recognition	refractive effects
Single-View 3D Scene Parsing by Attributed Grammar.
single-view 3d scene parsing	attributed grammar
Can We Use Second Minor Finger Knuckle Patterns to Identify Humans?
minor finger knuckle patterns	identify humans
Dual Attention Networks for Multimodal Reasoning and Matching.
dual attention networks	multimodal reasoning
Learning high-dimensional image statistics for abnormality detection on medical images.
learning high-dimensional image statistics	abnormality detection	medical images
Calibrating Photometric Stereo by Holistic Reflectance Symmetry Analysis.
holistic reflectance symmetry analysis	calibrating photometric stereo
See the Forest for the Trees: Joint Spatial and Temporal Recurrent Neural Networks for Video-Based Person Re-identification.
temporal recurrent neural networks	video-based person re-identification	joint spatial
Convolutional Experts Constrained Local Model for Facial Landmark Detection.
convolutional experts constrained local model	facial landmark detection
Video Editing with Temporal, Spatial and Appearance Consistency.
appearance consistency	video editing
Progressive Prioritized Multi-view Stereo.
progressive prioritized multi-view stereo
Predicting the Where and What of Actors and Actions through Online Action Localization.
online action localization
D-Nets: Beyond patch-based image descriptors.
patch-based image descriptors
Persistence-based segmentation of deformable shapes.
persistence-based segmentation	deformable shapes
Measures and Meta-Measures for the Supervised Evaluation of Image Segmentation.
supervised evaluation	image segmentation
Truncated Max-of-Convex Models.
truncated max-of-convex models
Server-side object recognition and client-side object tracking for mobile augmented reality.
mobile augmented reality	server-side object recognition	client-side object tracking
A Hierarchical Context Model for Event Recognition in Surveillance Video.
hierarchical context model	surveillance video	event recognition
Variable grouping for energy minimization.
energy minimization	variable grouping
Geometry-Informed Material Recognition.
geometry-informed material recognition
The Best of BothWorlds: Combining Data-Independent and Data-Driven Approaches for Action Recognition.
combining data-independent	action recognition	data-driven approaches
Reduced epipolar cost for accelerated incremental SfM.
reduced epipolar cost	accelerated incremental sfm
Fuzzy extractors for asymmetric biometric representations.
asymmetric biometric representations	fuzzy extractors
Context-aware clustering.
context-aware clustering
Feature Extraction by Maximizing the Average Neighborhood Margin.
average neighborhood margin	feature extraction
Unsupervised learning of invariant features using video.
unsupervised learning	invariant features
A Hierarchical Probabilistic Model for Facial Feature Detection.
hierarchical probabilistic model	facial feature detection
A Probabilistic Model for Object Recognition, Segmentation, and Non-Rigid Correspondence.
probabilistic model	object recognition	non-rigid correspondence
Tracking low resolution objects by metric preservation.
tracking low resolution objects	metric preservation
Edge descriptors for robust wide-baseline correspondence.
robust wide-baseline correspondence	edge descriptors
Fast Fourier Color Constancy.
fast fourier color constancy
A Weighted Variational Model for Simultaneous Reflectance and Illumination Estimation.
weighted variational model	simultaneous reflectance	illumination estimation
Re-weighting Linear Discrimination Analysis under ranking loss.
re-weighting linear discrimination analysis	ranking loss
Dictionary Learning from Ambiguously Labeled Data.
ambiguously labeled data	dictionary learning
Searching Video for Complex Activities with Finite State Models.
finite state models	searching video	complex activities
Learning Gaussian Conditional Random Fields for Low-Level Vision.
learning gaussian conditional random fields	low-level vision
Quality Aware Network for Set to Set Recognition.
quality aware network
Robust image filtering using joint static and dynamic guidance.
robust image filtering	joint static	dynamic guidance
Elastic-net regularization of singular values for robust subspace learning.
robust subspace learning	singular values	elastic-net regularization
Learning-Based Atlas Selection for Multiple-Atlas Segmentation.
learning-based atlas selection	multiple-atlas segmentation
Expert Gate: Lifelong Learning with a Network of Experts.
lifelong learning	expert gate
Local Background Enclosure for RGB-D Salient Object Detection.
salient object detection	local background enclosure
From captions to visual concepts and back.
visual concepts
Multi-output Learning for Camera Relocalization.
multi-output learning	camera relocalization
Fast, Approximate Piecewise-Planar Modeling Based on Sparse Structure-from-Motion and Superpixels.
approximate piecewise-planar modeling based	sparse structure-from-motion
A hierarchical framework for movie content analysis: Let computers watch films like humans.
movie content analysis	computers watch films	hierarchical framework
Unsupervised Robust Feature-Based Partition Ensembling to Discover Categories.
unsupervised robust feature-based partition ensembling	discover categories
Circular generalized cylinder fitting for 3D reconstruction in endoscopic imaging based on MRF.
circular generalized cylinder fitting	endoscopic imaging based	3d reconstruction
3D visual phrases for landmark recognition.
3d visual phrases	landmark recognition
Understanding images of groups of people.
understanding images
Scale-invariant heat kernel signatures for non-rigid shape recognition.
scale-invariant heat kernel signatures	non-rigid shape recognition
SUN attribute database: Discovering, annotating, and recognizing scene attributes.
recognizing scene attributes	sun attribute database
Learning from Simulated and Unsupervised Images through Adversarial Training.
unsupervised images	adversarial training
Detecting Masked Faces in the Wild with LLE-CNNs.
detecting masked faces
Multiview registration via graph diffusion of dual quaternions.
dual quaternions	graph diffusion	multiview registration
Multi-structure model selection via kernel optimisation.
multi-structure model selection	kernel optimisation
A game-theoretic approach to deformable shape matching.
deformable shape matching	game-theoretic approach
Simultaneous Geometric and Radiometric Calibration of a Projector-Camera Pair.
simultaneous geometric	radiometric calibration	projector-camera pair
Deepshape: Deep learned shape descriptor for 3D shape matching and retrieval.
deep learned shape descriptor	3d shape matching
Active 3D shape acquisition using smartphones.
active 3d shape acquisition
Feature-Independent Action Spotting without Human Localization, Segmentation, or Frame-wise Tracking.
feature-independent action spotting	frame-wise tracking	human localization
Figure-ground segmentation improves handled object recognition in egocentric video.
figure-ground segmentation improves handled object recognition	egocentric video
Joint segmentation and classification of human actions in video.
joint segmentation	human actions
Flexible Spatio-Temporal Networks for Video Prediction.
flexible spatio-temporal networks	video prediction
Color Transfer Using Probabilistic Moving Least Squares.
color transfer	probabilistic moving
Deformable Surface Tracking Ambiguities.
deformable surface tracking ambiguities
GPS Refinement and Camera Orientation Estimation from a Single Image and a 2D Map.
camera orientation estimation	gps refinement	2d map	single image
Intrinsic Scene Properties from a Single RGB-D Image.
intrinsic scene properties	single rgb-
Discriminative structure learning of hierarchical representations for object detection.
discriminative structure learning	object detection	hierarchical representations
Football Action Recognition Using Hierarchical LSTM.
football action recognition	hierarchical lstm
Multimodal complex event detection framework for wide area surveillance.
multimodal complex event detection framework	wide area surveillance
Joint Angles Similarities and HOG2 for Action Recognition.
joint angles similarities	action recognition
ℓ0TV: A new method for image restoration in the presence of impulse noise.
impulse noise	image restoration
Context-dependent kernel design for object matching and recognition.
context-dependent kernel design	object matching
Detecting regions of interest in dynamic scenes with camera motions.
detecting regions	camera motions	dynamic scenes
Improving classifiers with unlabeled weakly-related videos.
unlabeled weakly-related videos	improving classifiers
Quantization schemes for low bitrate Compressed Histogram of Gradients descriptors.
low bitrate compressed histogram	gradients descriptors	quantization schemes
Exploratory analysis of an operational iris recognition dataset from a CBSA border-crossing application.
operational iris recognition dataset	cbsa border-crossing application	exploratory analysis
Quality-Driven Face Occlusion Detection and Recovery.
quality-driven face occlusion detection
Classification using intersection kernel support vector machines is efficient.
intersection kernel support vector machines
Fast Person Re-identification via Cross-Camera Semantic Binary Transformation.
cross-camera semantic binary transformation	fast person re-identification
ASePPI: Robust Privacy Protection Against De-Anonymization Attacks.
robust privacy protection	de-anonymization attacks
On the Global Geometry of Sphere-Constrained Sparse Blind Deconvolution.
sphere-constrained sparse blind deconvolution	global geometry
Recognition using visual phrases.
visual phrases
Discretely Coding Semantic Rank Orders for Supervised Image Hashing.
discretely coding semantic rank orders	supervised image hashing
Displets: Resolving stereo ambiguities using object knowledge.
resolving stereo ambiguities	object knowledge
Real-time license plate localisation on FPGA.
real-time license plate localisation
Deblurring Low-Light Images with Light Streaks.
deblurring low-light images	light streaks
Single-Sample Face Recognition with Image Corruption and Misalignment via Sparse Illumination Transfer.
single-sample face recognition	sparse illumination transfer	image corruption
Efficient Hierarchical Graph-Based Segmentation of RGBD Videos.
efficient hierarchical graph-based segmentation	rgbd videos
Simultaneous Estimation of Near IR BRDF and Fine-Scale Surface Geometry.
fine-scale surface geometry	simultaneous estimation	ir brdf
Geometric properties of multiple reflections in catadioptric camera with two planar mirrors.
geometric properties	planar mirrors	multiple reflections	catadioptric camera
Attend in Groups: A Weakly-Supervised Deep Learning Framework for Learning from Web Data.
weakly-supervised deep learning framework	web data
Fast computation of min-Hash signatures for image collections.
min-hash signatures	image collections	fast computation
Impact of involuntary subject movement on 3D face scans.
involuntary subject movement	3d face scans
Active attentional sampling for speed-up of background subtraction.
active attentional sampling	background subtraction
A New Perspective on Material Classification and Ink Identification.
ink identification	material classification
A Bayesian algorithm for tracking multiple moving objects in outdoor surveillance video.
tracking multiple moving objects	outdoor surveillance video	bayesian algorithm
Fast quality-guided phase unwrapping algorithm for 3D profilometry based on object image edge detection.
fast quality-guided phase unwrapping algorithm	object image edge detection	3d profilometry based
Entropy rate superpixel segmentation.
entropy rate superpixel segmentation
Bayesian color constancy revisited.
bayesian color constancy revisited
Retrieving gray-level information from a Binary Sensor and its application to gesture detection.
retrieving gray-level information	binary sensor	gesture detection
ConceptLearner: Discovering visual concepts from weakly labeled image collections.
weakly labeled image collections	discovering visual concepts
Social saliency prediction.
social saliency prediction
Modeling the structure of multivariate manifolds: Shape maps.
multivariate manifolds	shape maps
L0 Norm Based Dictionary Learning by Proximal Methods with Global Convergence.
l0 norm based dictionary learning	proximal methods	global convergence
Underwater Image Dehazing with a Light Field Camera.
light field camera	underwater image dehazing
Affinity learning on a tensor product graph with applications to shape and image retrieval.
tensor product graph	image retrieval	affinity learning
Delineating trees in noisy 2D images and 3D image-stacks.
noisy 2d images	3d image-stacks	delineating trees
Tracking via object reflectance using a hyperspectral video camera.
hyperspectral video camera	object reflectance
Scenes vs. objects: A comparative study of two approaches to context based recognition.
context based recognition	comparative study
Deep Structured Scene Parsing by Learning with Image Descriptions.
deep structured scene parsing	image descriptions
Fusion by optimal dynamic mixtures of proposal distributions.
optimal dynamic mixtures	proposal distributions
Road segmentation using multipass single-pol synthetic aperture radar imagery.
multipass single-pol synthetic aperture radar imagery	road segmentation
Human brain labeling using image similarities.
human brain labeling	image similarities
Incorporating Copying Mechanism in Image Captioning for Learning Novel Objects.
incorporating copying mechanism	image captioning
Human action segmentation with hierarchical supervoxel consistency.
human action segmentation	hierarchical supervoxel consistency
Deep Canonical Time Warping.
deep canonical time warping
Shape from Shading Based on Lax-Friedrichs Fast Sweeping and Regularization Techniques With Applications to Document Image Restoration.
lax-friedrichs fast sweeping	document image restoration	regularization techniques	shading based
Towards general motion-based face recognition.
general motion-based face recognition
Co-clustering of image segments using convex optimization applied to EM neuronal reconstruction.
convex optimization applied	em neuronal reconstruction	image segments
Sufficient dimension reduction for visual sequence classification.
sufficient dimension reduction	visual sequence classification
Vision Based Autonomous Orientational Control for Aerial Manipulation via On-board FPGA.
vision based autonomous orientational control	on-board fpga	aerial manipulation
Do We Need Binary Features for 3D Reconstruction?
3d reconstruction	binary features
2017 IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, CVPR 2017, Honolulu, HI, USA, July 21-26, 2017
2017 ieee conference	july 21-26	pattern recognition	computer vision
Human Pose Estimation Using Body Parts Dependent Joint Regressors.
body parts dependent joint regressors	human pose estimation
Partial Symmetry in Polynomial Systems and Its Applications in Computer Vision.
polynomial systems	partial symmetry	computer vision
Upsampling range data in dynamic environments.
upsampling range data	dynamic environments
Spatiotemporal stereo via spatiotemporal quadric element (stequel) matching.
spatiotemporal quadric element	spatiotemporal stereo
Multi-domain, higher order level set scheme for 3D image segmentation on the GPU.
higher order level set scheme	3d image segmentation
Identigram/watermark removal using cross-channel correlation.
identigram/watermark removal	cross-channel correlation
Multi-label image segmentation via point-wise repetition.
multi-label image segmentation	point-wise repetition
Example-based 3D object reconstruction from line drawings.
example-based 3d object reconstruction	line drawings
Deep Visual-Semantic Quantization for Efficient Image Retrieval.
deep visual-semantic quantization	efficient image retrieval
Quad-Networks: Unsupervised Learning to Rank for Interest Point Detection.
interest point detection	unsupervised learning
A Machine Learning Approach for Non-blind Image Deconvolution.
non-blind image deconvolution	machine learning approach
A dataset for Movie Description.
movie description
Kernel integral images: A framework for fast non-uniform filtering.
fast non-uniform filtering	kernel integral images
Articulated pose estimation with tiny synthetic videos.
tiny synthetic videos	articulated pose estimation
A Novel Visualization Tool for Evaluating the Accuracy of 3D Sensing and Reconstruction Algorithms for Automatic Dormant Pruning Applications.
automatic dormant pruning applications	3d sensing	reconstruction algorithms	visualization tool
Discriminative Hierarchical Modeling of Spatio-temporally Composable Human Activities.
spatio-temporally composable human activities	discriminative hierarchical modeling
Automatic construction Of robust spherical harmonic subspaces.
robust spherical harmonic subspaces	automatic construction
Template-based paper reconstruction from a single image is well posed when the rulings are parallel.
template-based paper reconstruction	single image
Blockout: Dynamic Model Selection for Hierarchical Deep Networks.
hierarchical deep networks	dynamic model selection
A projector-camera system for creating a display with water drops.
projector-camera system	water drops
Siamese Instance Search for Tracking.
siamese instance search
Application of Computer Vision and Vector Space Model for Tactical Movement Classification in Badminton.
tactical movement classification	vector space model	computer vision
Deep Analysis of Facial Behavioral Dynamics.
facial behavioral dynamics	deep analysis
Deep Convolutional Network Cascade for Facial Point Detection.
deep convolutional network cascade	facial point detection
Learning to track with multiple observers.
multiple observers
Total Variation Blind Deconvolution: The Devil Is in the Details.
total variation blind deconvolution
Visual Curvature.
visual curvature
Learning Marginalization through Regression for Hand Orientation Inference.
hand orientation inference	learning marginalization
Unified Real-Time Tracking and Recognition with Rotation-Invariant Fast Features.
unified real-time tracking	rotation-invariant fast features
Multi-cue Visual Tracking Using Robust Feature-Level Fusion Based on Joint Sparse Representation.
robust feature-level fusion based	joint sparse representation	multi-cue visual tracking
Real-time non-rigid multi-frame depth video super-resolution.
real-time non-rigid multi-frame depth video super-resolution
Handling high dimensionality in biometric classification with multiple quality measures using Locality Preserving Projection.
locality preserving projection	handling high dimensionality	multiple quality measures	biometric classification
Robust dual motion deblurring.
robust dual motion deblurring
Automatic detection of body parts in x-ray images.
body parts	x-ray images	automatic detection
Polarization: Beneficial for visibility enhancement?.
visibility enhancement
Hierarchical Video Representation with Trajectory Binary Partition Tree.
trajectory binary partition tree	hierarchical video representation
Efficient reduction of L-infinity geometry problems.
l-infinity geometry problems	efficient reduction
Local Readjustment for High-Resolution 3D Reconstruction.
high-resolution 3d reconstruction	local readjustment
3D Shape and Indirect Appearance by Structured Light Transport.
structured light transport	3d shape	indirect appearance
Visual Odometry System Using Multiple Stereo Cameras and Inertial Measurement Unit.
visual odometry system	multiple stereo cameras	inertial measurement unit
Deep SimNets.
deep simnets
Loose shape model for discriminative learning of object categories.
loose shape model	discriminative learning	object categories
Seamless Mosaicing of Image-Based Texture Maps.
image-based texture maps	seamless mosaicing
Gromov-Hausdorff distances in Euclidean spaces.
gromov-hausdorff distances	euclidean spaces
Transport-based single frame super resolution of very low resolution face images.
transport-based single frame super resolution	low resolution face images
Kernel ELM and CNN Based Facial Age Estimation.
cnn based facial age estimation	kernel elm
Use of Sparse Representation for Pedestrian Detection in Thermal Images.
sparse representation	pedestrian detection	thermal images
Large-scale and drift-free surface reconstruction using online subvolume registration.
online subvolume registration	drift-free surface reconstruction
From N to N+1: Multiclass Transfer Incremental Learning.
multiclass transfer incremental learning
Motion pattern interpretation and detection for tracking moving vehicles in airborne video.
motion pattern interpretation	tracking moving vehicles	airborne video
Network Dissection: Quantifying Interpretability of Deep Visual Representations.
deep visual representations	network dissection	quantifying interpretability
Joint Object Segmentation and Behavior Classification in Image Sequences.
joint object segmentation	behavior classification	image sequences
Ink-bleed reduction using functional minimization.
functional minimization	ink-bleed reduction
Majorization-minimization mixture model determination in image segmentation.
majorization-minimization mixture model determination	image segmentation
Shape-Preserving Half-Projective Warps for Image Stitching.
shape-preserving half-projective warps	image stitching
Image classification by non-negative sparse coding, low-rank and sparse decomposition.
non-negative sparse coding	sparse decomposition	image classification
Structure-from-motion based hand-eye calibration using L∞ minimization.
structure-from-motion based hand-eye calibration
NonLinear refinement of structure from motion reconstruction by taking advantage of a partial knowledge of the environment.
partial knowledge	taking advantage	motion reconstruction	nonlinear refinement
Seeing through the Human Reporting Bias: Visual Classifiers from Noisy Human-Centric Labels.
human reporting bias	noisy human-centric labels	visual classifiers
A facial features detector integrating holistic facial information and part-based model.
facial features detector integrating holistic facial information	part-based model
Demosaicking recognition with applications in digital photo authentication based on a quadratic pixel correlation model.
quadratic pixel correlation model	digital photo authentication based	demosaicking recognition
Translation Symmetry Detection: A Repetitive Pattern Analysis Approach.
repetitive pattern analysis approach	translation symmetry detection
Fast and high-performance template matching method.
high-performance template matching method
Revisiting kernelized locality-sensitive hashing for improved large-scale image retrieval.
revisiting kernelized locality-sensitive hashing	improved large-scale image retrieval
Fast global optimization of curvature.
fast global optimization
Synthesized Classifiers for Zero-Shot Learning.
synthesized classifiers	zero-shot learning
Learning Relaxed Deep Supervision for Better Edge Detection.
learning relaxed deep supervision	edge detection
Unsupervised Visual-Linguistic Reference Resolution in Instructional Videos.
unsupervised visual-linguistic reference resolution	instructional videos
Multisensor-fusion for 3D full-body human motion capture.
3d full-body human motion capture
Caught Red-Handed: Toward Practical Video-Based Subsequences Matching in the Presence of Real-World Transformations.
practical video-based subsequences matching	caught red-handed	real-world transformations
Small instance detection by integer programming on object density maps.
small instance detection	object density maps	integer programming
Real-Time Person Detection and Tracking in Panoramic Video.
real-time person detection	panoramic video
Deep Learning with Low Precision by Half-Wave Gaussian Quantization.
half-wave gaussian quantization	deep learning	low precision
SIFT-Rank: Ordinal description for invariant feature correspondence.
invariant feature correspondence	ordinal description
Reconstruction of 3D Trajectories for Performance Analysis in Table Tennis.
3d trajectories	performance analysis	table tennis
A Component-Based Approach to Hand Verification.
component-based approach	hand verification
Super-Resolution of Multispectral Multiresolution Images from a Single Sensor.
multispectral multiresolution images	single sensor
PDM-ENLOR: Learning Ensemble of Local PDM-Based Regressions.
local pdm-based regressions	learning ensemble
Learning partially-observed hidden conditional random fields for facial expression recognition.
learning partially-observed hidden conditional random fields	facial expression recognition
Bidirectional Multirate Reconstruction for Temporal Modeling in Videos.
bidirectional multirate reconstruction	temporal modeling
Human age estimation using bio-inspired features.
human age estimation	bio-inspired features
Context-constrained hallucination for image super-resolution.
context-constrained hallucination	image super-resolution
Learned Binary Spectral Shape Descriptor for 3D Shape Correspondence.
learned binary spectral shape descriptor	3d shape correspondence
Fast and accurate global geodesic registrations using knee MRI from the Osteoarthritis Initiative.
accurate global geodesic registrations	osteoarthritis initiative	knee mri
The Hierarchical Isometric Self-Organizing Map for Manifold Representation.
hierarchical isometric self-organizing map	manifold representation
Video Action Recognition Based on Deeper Convolution Networks with Pair-Wise Frame Motion Concatenation.
pair-wise frame motion concatenation	video action recognition based	deeper convolution networks
Few-Shot Object Recognition from Machine-Labeled Web Images.
machine-labeled web images	few-shot object recognition
A hierarchical conditional random field model for labeling and segmenting images of street scenes.
hierarchical conditional random field model	segmenting images	street scenes
Towards unsupervised whole-object segmentation: Combining automated matting with boundary detection.
combining automated matting	unsupervised whole-object segmentation	boundary detection
Metric imitation by manifold transfer for efficient vision applications.
efficient vision applications	metric imitation	manifold transfer
Situational object boundary detection.
situational object boundary detection
Filtered channel features for pedestrian detection.
filtered channel features	pedestrian detection
CATS: A Color and Thermal Stereo Benchmark.
thermal stereo benchmark
Fast pattern matching using orthogonal Haar transform.
fast pattern matching	orthogonal haar transform
Kernel Methods on the Riemannian Manifold of Symmetric Positive Definite Matrices.
symmetric positive definite matrices	kernel methods	riemannian manifold
Fast and Accurate Image Matching with Cascade Hashing for 3D Reconstruction.
accurate image matching	3d reconstruction	cascade hashing
Towards Open World Recognition.
open world recognition
Learning mappings for face synthesis from near infrared to visual light images.
visual light images	learning mappings	face synthesis
Efficient Lane and Vehicle Detection with Integrated Synergies (ELVIS).
vehicle detection	integrated synergies	efficient lane
Remote audio/video acquisition for human signature detection.
remote audio/video acquisition	human signature detection
Packing and Padding: Coupled Multi-index for Accurate Image Retrieval.
accurate image retrieval	coupled multi-index
What is optimized in tight convex relaxations for multi-label problems?
tight convex relaxations	multi-label problems
Recovering specular surfaces using curved line images.
recovering specular surfaces	curved line images
Instant segmentation and feature extraction for recognition of simple objects on mobile phones.
simple objects	mobile phones	feature extraction	instant segmentation
A Riemannian approach for estimating orientation distribution function (ODF) images from high-angular resolution diffusion imaging (HARDI).
high-angular resolution diffusion imaging	estimating orientation distribution function	riemannian approach
Multi-scale Patch Aggregation (MPA) for Simultaneous Detection and Segmentation.
multi-scale patch aggregation	simultaneous detection
Estimating Sparse Signals with Smooth Support via Convex Programming and Block Sparsity.
estimating sparse signals	block sparsity	convex programming	smooth support
Local Shape Registration Using Boundary-Constrained Match of Skeletons.
local shape registration	boundary-constrained match
Video Frame Interpolation via Adaptive Convolution.
video frame interpolation	adaptive convolution
FastMask: Segment Multi-scale Object Candidates in One Shot.
segment multi-scale object candidates
Detection- and Trajectory-Level Exclusion in Multiple Object Tracking.
multiple object tracking	trajectory-level exclusion
Very Fast Solution to the PnP Problem with Algebraic Outlier Rejection.
algebraic outlier rejection	pnp problem	fast solution
Super-resolution via recapture and Bayesian effect modeling.
bayesian effect modeling
A Topic-Motion Model for Unsupervised Video Object Discovery.
unsupervised video object discovery	topic-motion model
Embedded neuromorphic vision for humanoid robots.
embedded neuromorphic vision	humanoid robots
Large displacement optical flow.
large displacement optical flow
Visual recognition and detection under bounded computational resources.
bounded computational resources	visual recognition
Learning Weight Uncertainty with Stochastic Gradient MCMC for Shape Classification.
learning weight uncertainty	stochastic gradient mcmc	shape classification
Can humans fly? Action understanding with multiple classes of actors.
multiple classes	humans fly	action understanding
An Augmented Linear Discriminant Analysis Approach for Identifying Identical Twins with the Aid of Facial Asymmetry Features.
augmented linear discriminant analysis approach	identifying identical twins	facial asymmetry features
Object Tracking by Occlusion Detection via Structured Sparse Learning.
structured sparse learning	object tracking	occlusion detection
Pull the Plug? Predicting If Computers or Humans Should Segment Images.
segment images
Separating objects and clutter in indoor scenes.
separating objects	indoor scenes
Calibration of an Articulated Camera System.
articulated camera system
Signal Classification in Quotient Spaces via Globally Optimal Variational Calculus.
globally optimal variational calculus	signal classification	quotient spaces
Ray Markov Random Fields for image-based 3D modeling: Model and efficient inference.
ray markov random fields	image-based 3d modeling	efficient inference
Convolutional Random Walk Networks for Semantic Image Segmentation.
convolutional random walk networks	semantic image segmentation
Structured Feature Learning for Pose Estimation.
structured feature learning	pose estimation
SUSurE: Speeded Up Surround Extrema feature detector and descriptor for realtime applications.
surround extrema feature detector	realtime applications
A constrained latent variable model.
constrained latent variable model
Pose and Illumination Invariant Face Recognition in Video.
illumination invariant face recognition
Learning trajectory patterns by clustering: Experimental studies and comparative evaluation.
learning trajectory patterns	experimental studies	comparative evaluation
Beyond sliding windows: Object localization by efficient subwindow search.
efficient subwindow search	sliding windows	object localization
Proposal generation for object detection using cascaded ranking SVMs.
cascaded ranking svms	object detection	proposal generation
Additive Component Analysis.
additive component analysis
Mapping visual features to semantic profiles for retrieval in medical imaging.
mapping visual features	medical imaging	semantic profiles
SqueezeDet: Unified, Small, Low Power Fully Convolutional Neural Networks for Real-Time Object Detection for Autonomous Driving.
low power fully convolutional neural networks	real-time object detection	autonomous driving
A Hierarchical Pose-Based Approach to Complex Action Understanding Using Dictionaries of Actionlets and Motion Poselets.
complex action understanding	hierarchical pose-based approach	motion poselets
Saliency detection via Cellular Automata.
cellular automata	saliency detection
2014 IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, CVPR 2014, Columbus, OH, USA, June 23-28, 2014
pattern recognition	june 23-28	computer vision	2014 ieee conference
Graph connectivity in sparse subspace clustering.
sparse subspace clustering	graph connectivity
Dense Human Body Correspondences Using Convolutional Networks.
dense human body correspondences	convolutional networks
Scene shape from texture of objects.
scene shape
Hyper-class augmented and regularized deep learning for fine-grained image classification.
fine-grained image classification	regularized deep learning	hyper-class augmented
Multi-modal Clustering for Multimedia Collections.
multimedia collections	multi-modal clustering
Personalized Automatic Estimation of Self-Reported Pain Intensity from Facial Expressions.
personalized automatic estimation	self-reported pain intensity	facial expressions
Visual tracking via geometric particle filtering on the affine group with optimal importance functions.
geometric particle filtering	optimal importance functions	visual tracking	affine group
Category-specific object reconstruction from a single image.
category-specific object reconstruction	single image
A similarity measure between unordered vector sets with application to image categorization.
unordered vector sets	image categorization	similarity measure
Deep correlation for matching images and text.
matching images	deep correlation
Weakly supervised localization of novel objects using appearance transfer.
weakly supervised localization	appearance transfer
Invited paper: Embedded face and biometric technologies for national and border security.
embedded face	border security	biometric technologies	invited paper
Segmentation-Aware Deformable Part Models.
segmentation-aware deformable part models
Layered RGBD scene flow estimation.
layered rgbd scene flow estimation
DriveAHead - A Large-Scale Driver Head Pose Dataset.
large-scale driver head pose dataset
Reconstructing sharply folding surfaces: A convex formulation.
reconstructing sharply folding surfaces	convex formulation
Dense Object Reconstruction with Semantic Priors.
dense object reconstruction	semantic priors
Multimodal workbench for automatic surveillance applications.
automatic surveillance applications	multimodal workbench
A novel feature descriptor invariant to complex brightness changes.
feature descriptor invariant	complex brightness
Blessing of Dimensionality: High-Dimensional Feature and Its Efficient Compression for Face Verification.
high-dimensional feature	face verification	efficient compression
An Adaptive Focal Connectivity Algorithm for Multifocus Fusion.
adaptive focal connectivity algorithm	multifocus fusion
DESIRE: Distant Future Prediction in Dynamic Scenes with Interacting Agents.
distant future prediction	dynamic scenes	interacting agents
Flexible Pixel Compositor for Plug-and-Play Multi-Projector Displays.
plug-and-play multi-projector displays	flexible pixel compositor
Pose estimation with radial distortion and unknown focal length.
unknown focal length	radial distortion	pose estimation
Visual cortex on the GPU: Biologically inspired classifier and feature descriptor for rapid recognition.
biologically inspired classifier	visual cortex	feature descriptor	rapid recognition
Robust Manhattan Frame estimation from a single RGB-D image.
robust manhattan frame estimation	single rgb-
Similarity of iris texture between identical twins.
iris texture	identical twins
Evaluation of Color STIPs for Human Action Recognition.
human action recognition	color stips
Deep Saliency with Encoded Low Level Distance Map and High Level Features.
encoded low level distance map	high level features	deep saliency
Efficiently Determining Silhouette Consistency.
efficiently determining silhouette consistency
Learning Euclidean-to-Riemannian Metric for Point-to-Set Classification.
learning euclidean-to-riemannian metric	point-to-set classification
Dynamic scene shape reconstruction using a single structured light pattern.
single structured light pattern	dynamic scene shape reconstruction
Object Partitioning Using Local Convexity.
local convexity	object partitioning
Discrete optimization of ray potentials for semantic 3D reconstruction.
semantic 3d reconstruction	discrete optimization	ray potentials
Propagated image filtering.
propagated image filtering
Budget-Aware Deep Semantic Video Segmentation.
budget-aware deep semantic video segmentation
Generating Image Descriptions Using Semantic Similarities in the Output Space.
generating image descriptions	semantic similarities	output space
Fusing Aligned and Non-aligned Face Information for Automatic Affect Recognition in the Wild: A Deep Learning Approach.
automatic affect recognition	non-aligned face information	deep learning approach	fusing aligned
Belief Propagation in a 3D Spatio-temporal MRF for Moving Object Detection.
moving object detection	3d spatio-temporal mrf	belief propagation
Learning Fully Convolutional Networks for Iterative Non-blind Deconvolution.
learning fully convolutional networks	iterative non-blind deconvolution
Locally Optimized Product Quantization for Approximate Nearest Neighbor Search.
approximate nearest neighbor search	locally optimized product quantization
People detection in low resolution infrared videos.
low resolution infrared videos	people detection
On a Link Between Kernel Mean Maps and Fraunhofer Diffraction, with an Application to Super-Resolution Beyond the Diffraction Limit.
fraunhofer diffraction	diffraction limit
Deep Representation Learning for Human Motion Prediction and Classification.
human motion prediction	deep representation learning
A 3-D marked point process model for multi-view people detection.
marked point process model	multi-view people detection
Real-Time Model-Based Articulated Object Pose Detection and Tracking with Variable Rigidity Constraints.
real-time model-based articulated object pose detection	variable rigidity constraints
UberNet: Training a Universal Convolutional Neural Network for Low-, Mid-, and High-Level Vision Using Diverse Datasets and Limited Memory.
universal convolutional neural network	limited memory	high-level vision	diverse datasets
Classification of tensors and fiber tracts using Mercer-kernels encoding soft probabilistic spatial and diffusion information.
mercer-kernels encoding soft probabilistic spatial	diffusion information	fiber tracts
Feature Pyramid Networks for Object Detection.
feature pyramid networks	object detection
Grassmann Averages for Scalable Robust PCA.
scalable robust pca	grassmann averages
Point to Set Similarity Based Deep Feature Learning for Person Re-Identification.
set similarity based deep feature learning	person re-identification
A New Performance Evaluation Method for Face Identification - Regression Analysis of Misidentification Risk.
performance evaluation method	regression analysis	face identification	misidentification risk
Global temporal registration of multiple non-rigid surface sequences.
multiple non-rigid surface sequences	global temporal registration
Adaptive random forest - How many "experts" to ask before making a decision?
adaptive random forest
Improving 3D Face Details Based on Normal Map of Hetero-source Images.
improving 3d face details based	hetero-source images	normal map
The image torque operator: A new tool for mid-level vision.
image torque operator	mid-level vision
Large-Scale Video Summarization Using Web-Image Priors.
large-scale video summarization	web-image priors
Singlets: Multi-resolution Motion Singularities for Soccer Video Abstraction.
multi-resolution motion singularities	soccer video abstraction
Superpixel meshes for fast edge-preserving surface reconstruction.
fast edge-preserving surface reconstruction	superpixel meshes
A study of large-scale ethnicity estimation with gender and age variations.
large-scale ethnicity estimation	age variations
Automatic registration of aerial imagery with untextured 3D LiDAR models.
untextured 3d lidar models	aerial imagery	automatic registration
Learning to look up: Realtime monocular gaze correction using machine learning.
realtime monocular gaze correction
StyleNet: Generating Attractive Visual Captions with Styles.
generating attractive visual captions
AGA: Attribute-Guided Augmentation.
attribute-guided augmentation
Instance-Aware Image and Sentence Matching with Selective Multimodal LSTM.
selective multimodal lstm	sentence matching	instance-aware image
IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, CVPR 2015, Boston, MA, USA, June 7-12, 2015
ieee conference	computer vision	june 7-12	pattern recognition
Adaptive parametrization of multivariate B-splines for image registration.
adaptive parametrization	image registration	multivariate b-splines
Riemannian coding and dictionary learning: Kernels to the rescue.
riemannian coding	dictionary learning
Structural image representation for image registration.
structural image representation	image registration
The Multiverse Loss for Robust Transfer Learning.
robust transfer learning	multiverse loss
Efficient 2D-to-3D Correspondence Filtering for Scalable 3D Object Recognition.
scalable 3d object recognition	efficient 2d-to-3d correspondence filtering
Temporal Sequence Modeling for Video Event Detection.
temporal sequence modeling	video event detection
Device-independent representation of photometric properties of a camera.
photometric properties	device-independent representation
Image categorization by learning with context and consistency.
image categorization
Top-Down Visual Saliency Guided by Captions.
visual saliency guided
Object-Proposal Evaluation Protocol is 'Gameable'.
object-proposal evaluation protocol
A non-local cost aggregation method for stereo matching.
non-local cost aggregation method	stereo matching
Robust Occlusion Handling in Object Tracking.
robust occlusion handling	object tracking
Monitoring Ethiopian Wheat Fungus with Satellite Imagery and Deep Feature Learning.
monitoring ethiopian wheat fungus	deep feature learning	satellite imagery
LocNet: Improving Localization Accuracy for Object Detection.
improving localization accuracy	object detection
Online multiple instance learning with no regret.
online multiple instance learning
Sparse representation for face recognition based on discriminative low-rank dictionary learning.
discriminative low-rank dictionary learning	face recognition based	sparse representation
Robust classification of objects, faces, and flowers using natural image statistics.
natural image statistics	robust classification
Recognizing human actions using multiple features.
recognizing human actions	multiple features
A moving object detection algorithm for smart cameras.
moving object detection algorithm	smart cameras
Detecting Objects Using Deformation Dictionaries.
detecting objects	deformation dictionaries
LCNN: Lookup-Based Convolutional Neural Network.
lookup-based convolutional neural network
Realtime Multi-person 2D Pose Estimation Using Part Affinity Fields.
realtime multi-person 2d pose estimation	part affinity fields
Efficient Sampling of Disparity Space for Fast And Accurate Matching.
disparity space	accurate matching	efficient sampling
Top-Push Video-Based Person Re-identification.
top-push video-based person re-identification
Statistics of Infrared Images.
infrared images
Depth from sliding projections.
sliding projections
Automatic symmetry plane estimation of bilateral objects in point clouds.
automatic symmetry plane estimation	point clouds	bilateral objects
Patch Match Filter: Efficient Edge-Aware Filtering Meets Randomized Search for Fast Correspondence Field Estimation.
efficient edge-aware filtering meets randomized search	fast correspondence field estimation	patch match filter
Awesome Typography: Statistics-Based Text Effects Transfer.
statistics-based text effects transfer	awesome typography
Combining discriminative and generative methods for 3D deformable surface and articulated pose reconstruction.
3d deformable surface	articulated pose reconstruction	combining discriminative	generative methods
Prior-Less Compressible Structure from Motion.
compressible structure
On matching latent fingerprints.
matching latent fingerprints
Exploring Contextual Engagement for Trauma Recovery.
exploring contextual engagement	trauma recovery
Blind motion deblurring from a single image using sparse approximation.
blind motion deblurring	sparse approximation	single image
Polarization and Phase-Shifting for 3D Scanning of Translucent Objects.
translucent objects	3d scanning
Local isomorphism to solve the pre-image problem in kernel methods.
local isomorphism	kernel methods	pre-image problem
D3: Deep Dual-Domain Based Fast Restoration of JPEG-Compressed Images.
deep dual-domain based fast restoration	jpeg-compressed images
Deformable Object Matching via Deformation Decomposition Based 2D Label MRF.
deformation decomposition based 2d label mrf	deformable object matching
Occlusion Geodesics for Online Multi-object Tracking.
online multi-object tracking	occlusion geodesics
Hand-Object Interaction Detection with Fully Convolutional Networks.
hand-object interaction detection	fully convolutional networks
A database for fine grained activity detection of cooking activities.
fine grained activity detection	cooking activities
Scene-space Feature Detectors.
scene-space feature detectors
Object categorization using co-occurrence, location and appearance.
object categorization
Variational Autoencoded Regression: High Dimensional Regression of Visual Data on Complex Manifold.
high dimensional regression	variational autoencoded regression	complex manifold	visual data
Fast 3D Reconstruction of Faces with Glasses.
fast 3d reconstruction
Automated feature weighting and random pixel sampling in k-means clustering for terahertz image segmentation.
automated feature weighting	terahertz image segmentation	random pixel sampling	k-means clustering
3-D scene representation with layered non-uniform global sampling.
layered non-uniform global sampling	scene representation
Adaptive Color Attributes for Real-Time Visual Tracking.
real-time visual tracking	adaptive color attributes
Inferring Analogous Attributes.
inferring analogous attributes
Stereo Matching on Objects with Fractional Boundary.
fractional boundary	stereo matching
Query-adaptive late fusion for image search and person re-identification.
query-adaptive late fusion	person re-identification	image search
Cognitive Mapping and Planning for Visual Navigation.
visual navigation	cognitive mapping
Heterogeneous Face Recognition Using Inter-Session Variability Modelling.
inter-session variability modelling	heterogeneous face recognition
A C3D-Based Convolutional Neural Network for Frame Dropping Detection in a Single Video Shot.
c3d-based convolutional neural network	single video shot	frame dropping detection
Learning to identify leaders in crowd.
identify leaders
DynamicFusion: Reconstruction and tracking of non-rigid scenes in real-time.
non-rigid scenes
PClines - Line detection using parallel coordinates.
parallel coordinates	line detection
Refinement of digital elevation models from shadowing cues.
digital elevation models	shadowing cues
Controlling Perceptual Factors in Neural Style Transfer.
neural style transfer	controlling perceptual factors
Simultaneous super-resolution and feature extraction for recognition of low-resolution faces.
simultaneous super-resolution	feature extraction	low-resolution faces
Unsupervised Trajectory Modelling Using Temporal Information via Minimal Paths.
unsupervised trajectory modelling	temporal information	minimal paths
Capturing Time-of-Flight data with confidence.
capturing time-of-flight data
Transparent Object Reconstruction via Coded Transport of Intensity.
transparent object reconstruction	coded transport
Generalized Semantic Preserving Hashing for N-Label Cross-Modal Retrieval.
generalized semantic preserving hashing	n-label cross-modal retrieval
Local concept-based medical image retrieval with correlation-enhanced similarity matching based on global analysis.
local concept-based medical image retrieval	correlation-enhanced similarity matching based	global analysis
Linear Ranking Analysis.
linear ranking analysis
Procedural Generation of Videos to Train Deep Action Recognition Networks.
train deep action recognition networks	procedural generation
Approximate nearest neighbor fields in video.
approximate nearest neighbor fields
A common framework for real-time emotion recognition and facial action unit detection.
facial action unit detection	real-time emotion recognition	common framework
Many-to-one contour matching for describing and discriminating object shape.
discriminating object shape	contour matching
Pose-Aware Person Recognition.
pose-aware person recognition
GPCA with denoising: A moments-based convex approach.
moments-based convex approach
Convex shape decomposition.
convex shape decomposition
Neighbor-constrained active contours without edges.
neighbor-constrained active contours
Image-Based Synthesis and Re-synthesis of Viewpoints Guided by 3D Models.
3d models	viewpoints guided	image-based synthesis
Rolling Shutter Camera Calibration.
rolling shutter camera calibration
Representing 3D texture on mesh manifolds for retrieval and recognition applications.
representing 3d texture	mesh manifolds	recognition applications
Comparative object similarity for improved recognition with few or no examples.
comparative object similarity	improved recognition
Segmentation-robust representations, matching, and modeling for sign language.
segmentation-robust representations	sign language
Invited paper: Accelerating neuromorphic vision on FPGAs.
accelerating neuromorphic vision	invited paper
Handling Noise in Single Image Deblurring Using Directional Filters.
single image deblurring	handling noise	directional filters
Reducing Drift in Mosaicing Slit-Lamp Retinal Images.
mosaicing slit-lamp retinal images	reducing drift
Active Frame, Location, and Detector Selection for Automated and Manual Video Annotation.
manual video annotation	active frame	detector selection
Importance filtering for image retargeting.
importance filtering	image retargeting
Linear solution to scale invariant global figure ground separation.
scale invariant global figure ground separation	linear solution
Feature context for image classification and object detection.
feature context	image classification	object detection
Mid-level deep pattern mining.
mid-level deep pattern mining
Efficient Large-Scale Approximate Nearest Neighbor Search on the GPU.
efficient large-scale approximate nearest neighbor search
Learning real-time MRF inference for image denoising.
learning real-time mrf inference	image denoising
Connecting the dots in multi-class classification: From nearest subspace to collaborative representation.
multi-class classification	collaborative representation	nearest subspace
Global stereo matching leveraged by sparse ground control points.
global stereo matching leveraged	sparse ground control points
Unsupervised learning of overcomplete face descriptors.
overcomplete face descriptors	unsupervised learning
Moving shape dynamics: A signal processing perspective.
moving shape dynamics	signal processing perspective
Correspondence driven adaptation for human profile recognition.
human profile recognition	correspondence driven adaptation
Use bin-ratio information for category and scene classification.
bin-ratio information	scene classification
Hierarchical sparse coding with geometric prior for visual geo-location.
hierarchical sparse coding	geometric prior	visual geo-location
Video2Shop: Exact Matching Clothes in Videos to Online Shopping Images.
exact matching clothes	online shopping images
Discriminative models for static human-object interactions.
static human-object interactions	discriminative models
Apparent Age Estimation from Face Images Combining General and Children-Specialized Deep Learning Models.
children-specialized deep learning models	face images combining general	apparent age estimation
Learning the viewpoint manifold for action recognition.
action recognition	viewpoint manifold
Ask the Image: Supervised Pooling to Preserve Feature Locality.
preserve feature locality	supervised pooling
Beta Process Multiple Kernel Learning.
beta process multiple kernel learning
Image description with a goal: Building efficient discriminating expressions for images.
building efficient discriminating expressions	image description
Efficient nonlinear DTI registration using DCT basis functions.
efficient nonlinear dti registration	dct basis functions
Spatially-Varying Blur Detection Based on Multiscale Fused and Sorted Transform Coefficients of Gradient Magnitudes.
spatially-varying blur detection based	sorted transform coefficients	multiscale fused	gradient magnitudes
Randomness and sparsity induced codebook learning with application to cancer image classification.
sparsity induced codebook learning	cancer image classification
Low-Rank Bilinear Pooling for Fine-Grained Classification.
low-rank bilinear pooling	fine-grained classification
Generalized Multiview Analysis: A discriminative latent space.
generalized multiview analysis	discriminative latent space
Adaptive Object Classification Using Complex SAR Signatures.
complex sar signatures	adaptive object classification
Person re-identification by probabilistic relative distance comparison.
probabilistic relative distance comparison	person re-identification
A two-stage approach to blind spatially-varying motion deblurring.
blind spatially-varying motion deblurring	two-stage approach
Is There a Procedural Logic to Architecture?
procedural logic
P3.5P: Pose estimation with unknown focal length.
unknown focal length	pose estimation
Unconstrained Salient Object Detection via Proposal Subset Optimization.
unconstrained salient object detection	proposal subset optimization
3D Pose Regression Using Convolutional Neural Networks.
3d pose regression	convolutional neural networks
Reliable Human Detection and Tracking in Top-View Depth Images.
reliable human detection	top-view depth images
Occlusion-Free Face Alignment: Deep Regression Networks Coupled with De-Corrupt AutoEncoders.
deep regression networks coupled	occlusion-free face alignment	de-corrupt autoencoders
Direct image alignment of projector-camera systems with planar surfaces.
direct image alignment	planar surfaces	projector-camera systems
Loss Max-Pooling for Semantic Image Segmentation.
semantic image segmentation	loss max-pooling
A projector-based movable hand-held display system.
projector-based movable hand-held display system
Event-Specific Image Importance.
event-specific image importance
Learning similarity measure for multi-modal 3D image registration.
multi-modal 3d image registration	learning similarity measure
Looking Beyond the Visible Scene.
visible scene
Annotating collections of photos using hierarchical event and scene models.
annotating collections	scene models	hierarchical event
Exhaustive family of energies minimizable exactly by a graph cut.
exhaustive family	energies minimizable	graph cut
Handling motion blur in multi-frame super-resolution.
handling motion blur	multi-frame super-resolution
A Reverse Hierarchy Model for Predicting Eye Fixations.
reverse hierarchy model	predicting eye fixations
Estimating Motion and size of moving non-line-of-sight objects in cluttered environments.
moving non-line-of-sight objects	estimating motion	cluttered environments
Detecting and tracking all moving objects in wide-area aerial video.
wide-area aerial video	moving objects
Detailed Human Shape and Pose from Images.
detailed human shape
Detecting texts of arbitrary orientations in natural images.
detecting texts	arbitrary orientations	natural images
Multi-video browsing and summarization.
multi-video browsing
Object Classification with Adaptable Regions.
adaptable regions	object classification
Dense Monocular Depth Estimation in Complex Dynamic Scenes.
dense monocular depth estimation	complex dynamic scenes
Linking Image and Text with 2-Way Nets.
linking image
Learning a blind measure of perceptual image quality.
perceptual image quality	blind measure
Near real-time Fast Bilateral Stereo on the GPU.
real-time fast bilateral stereo
Human Shape from Silhouettes Using Generative HKS Descriptors and Cross-Modal Neural Networks.
cross-modal neural networks	generative hks descriptors	human shape
Learning visual flows: A Lie algebraic approach.
lie algebraic approach	learning visual flows
Demosaicing by smoothing along 1D features.
1d features
R6P - Rolling shutter absolute pose problem.
rolling shutter absolute pose problem
Infinite Variational Autoencoder for Semi-Supervised Learning.
infinite variational autoencoder	semi-supervised learning
A bundle approach to efficient MAP-inference by Lagrangian relaxation.
efficient map-inference	bundle approach	lagrangian relaxation
Shape Statistics for Image Segmentation with Prior.
shape statistics	image segmentation
3D Convolutional Neural Networks for Efficient and Robust Hand Pose Estimation from Single Depth Images.
robust hand pose estimation	3d convolutional neural networks	single depth images
Multi-view latent variable discriminative models for action recognition.
multi-view latent variable discriminative models	action recognition
Temporal Convolutional Networks for Action Segmentation and Detection.
temporal convolutional networks	action segmentation
Active learning for piecewise planar 3D reconstruction.
piecewise planar 3d reconstruction	active learning
Reconstruction of display and eyes from a single image.
single image
Learning to Assign Orientations to Feature Points.
feature points	assign orientations
A complete statistical inverse ray tracing approach to multi-view stereo.
complete statistical inverse ray tracing approach	multi-view stereo
Learning sparse covariance patterns for natural scenes.
learning sparse covariance patterns	natural scenes
Camera-based video synchronization for a federation of mobile projectors.
camera-based video synchronization	mobile projectors
Gender and Smile Classification Using Deep Convolutional Neural Networks.
deep convolutional neural networks	smile classification
Trajectory analysis and semantic region modeling using a nonparametric Bayesian model.
semantic region modeling	nonparametric bayesian model	trajectory analysis
Sparse, Quantized, Full Frame CNN for Low Power Embedded Devices.
low power embedded devices	full frame cnn
Learning Cross-Domain Landmarks for Heterogeneous Domain Adaptation.
heterogeneous domain adaptation	learning cross-domain landmarks
Accurate camera calibration from multi-view stereo and bundle adjustment.
accurate camera calibration	bundle adjustment	multi-view stereo
The Misty Three Point Algorithm for Relative Pose.
point algorithm	relative pose
Visual Tracking Using Attention-Modulated Disintegration and Integration.
visual tracking	attention-modulated disintegration
A robust identification approach to gait recognition.
robust identification approach	gait recognition
Person Re-identification for Improved Multi-person Multi-camera Tracking by Continuous Entity Association.
improved multi-person multi-camera tracking	continuous entity association	person re-identification
A simple prior-free method for non-rigid structure-from-motion factorization.
simple prior-free method	non-rigid structure-from-motion factorization
Groupwise morphometric analysis based on morphological appearance manifold.
groupwise morphometric analysis based	morphological appearance manifold
Re-Sign: Re-Aligned End-to-End Sequence Modelling with Deep Recurrent CNN-HMMs.
re-aligned end-to-end sequence modelling	deep recurrent cnn-hmms
Optimizing 1-Nearest Prototype Classifiers.
optimizing 1-nearest prototype classifiers
Flexible Object Models for Category-Level 3D Object Recognition.
category-level 3d object recognition	flexible object models
They are Not Equally Reliable: Semantic Event Search Using Differentiated Concept Classifiers.
differentiated concept classifiers	semantic event search	equally reliable
Hierarchical recurrent neural network for skeleton based action recognition.
skeleton based action recognition	hierarchical recurrent neural network
Visual Tracking via Probability Continuous Outlier Model.
probability continuous outlier model	visual tracking
Incident light related distance error study and calibration of the PMD-range imaging camera.
incident light related distance error study	pmd-range imaging camera
Blind Image Deblurring Using Dark Channel Prior.
blind image deblurring	dark channel prior
Action recognition by exploring data distribution and feature correlation.
exploring data distribution	feature correlation	action recognition
Trajectory Association across Non-overlapping Moving Cameras in Planar Scenes.
non-overlapping moving cameras	planar scenes	trajectory association
Discriminative Brain Effective Connectivity Analysis for Alzheimer's Disease: A Kernel Learning Approach upon Sparse Gaussian Bayesian Network.
discriminative brain effective connectivity analysis	sparse gaussian bayesian network	kernel learning approach
Microscopic Blood Smear Segmentation and Classification Using Deep Contour Aware CNN and Extreme Machine Learning.
microscopic blood smear segmentation	deep contour aware cnn	extreme machine learning
Hand Keypoint Detection in Single Images Using Multiview Bootstrapping.
hand keypoint detection	multiview bootstrapping	single images
Single-view obstacle detection for smart back-up camera systems.
single-view obstacle detection	camera systems	smart back-
Consensus Maximization with Linear Matrix Inequality Constraints.
linear matrix inequality constraints	consensus maximization
μNect: On using a gaming RGBD camera in micro-metrology applications.
gaming rgbd camera	micro-metrology applications
Salient Object Subitizing.
salient object subitizing
Evaluation of Feature Channels for Correlation-Filter-Based Visual Object Tracking in Infrared Spectrum.
correlation-filter-based visual object tracking	infrared spectrum	feature channels
Real-Time No-Reference Image Quality Assessment Based on Filter Learning.
real-time no-reference image quality assessment based	filter learning
Robust guidewire tracking in fluoroscopy.
robust guidewire tracking
Multi-label Generic Cuts: Optimal Inference in Multi-label Multi-clique MRF-MAP Problems.
multi-label multi-clique mrf-map problems	multi-label generic cuts	optimal inference
Towards good practice in large-scale learning for image classification.
image classification	large-scale learning	good practice
Trajectory reconstruction for affine structure-from-motion by global and local constraints.
local constraints	trajectory reconstruction	affine structure-from-motion
A Multi-sensor Traffic Scene Dataset with Omnidirectional Video.
multi-sensor traffic scene dataset	omnidirectional video
Mirror Surface Reconstruction under an Uncalibrated Camera.
mirror surface reconstruction	uncalibrated camera
WhittleSearch: Image search with relative attribute feedback.
relative attribute feedback	image search
Dynamic Multi-vehicle Detection and Tracking from a Moving Platform.
dynamic multi-vehicle detection	moving platform
Classification of Puck Possession Events in Ice Hockey.
puck possession events	ice hockey
Learning attention map from images.
learning attention map
Extracting smooth and transparent layers from a single image.
transparent layers	extracting smooth	single image
Is there a connection between face symmetry and face recognition?
face recognition	face symmetry
Learning a scene contextual model for tracking and abnormality detection.
scene contextual model	abnormality detection
Texture Modeling for Synthetic Fingerprint Generation.
synthetic fingerprint generation	texture modeling
One-class Machine Learning for Brain Activation Detection.
one-class machine learning	brain activation detection
Speech-Driven 3D Facial Animation with Implicit Emotional Awareness: A Deep Learning Approach.
speech-driven 3d facial animation	deep learning approach	implicit emotional awareness
A Deep Convolutional Neural Network with Selection Units for Super-Resolution.
deep convolutional neural network	selection units
POD: Discovering Primary Objects in Videos Based on Evolutionary Refinement of Object Recurrence, Background, and Primary Object Models.
discovering primary objects	primary object models	object recurrence	videos based	evolutionary refinement
Action recognition by learning mid-level motion features.
learning mid-level motion features	action recognition
Object image retrieval by exploiting online knowledge resources.
exploiting online knowledge resources	object image retrieval
Matching-CNN meets KNN: Quasi-parametric human parsing.
quasi-parametric human parsing	matching-cnn meets knn
Autocalibration via Rank-Constrained Estimation of the Absolute Quadric.
rank-constrained estimation	absolute quadric
Speaker detection using the timing structure of lip motion and sound.
lip motion	timing structure	speaker detection
Radiometric calibration by transform invariant low-rank structure.
transform invariant low-rank structure	radiometric calibration
Motion detail preserving optical flow estimation.
motion detail preserving optical flow estimation
Weighted Nuclear Norm Minimization with Application to Image Denoising.
weighted nuclear norm minimization	image denoising
Deep Exemplar 2D-3D Detection by Adapting from Real to Rendered Views.
deep exemplar 2d-3d detection	rendered views
NID-SLAM: Robust Monocular SLAM Using Normalised Information Distance.
normalised information distance	robust monocular slam
Concurrence-Aware Long Short-Term Sub-Memories for Person-Person Action Recognition.
concurrence-aware long short-term sub-memories	person-person action recognition
Particle filtering for registration of 2D and 3D point sets with stochastic dynamics.
3d point sets	stochastic dynamics	particle filtering
Deep Heterogeneous Face Recognition Networks Based on Cross-Modal Distillation and an Equitable Distance Metric.
deep heterogeneous face recognition networks based	equitable distance metric	cross-modal distillation
HyperDepth: Learning Depth from Structured Light without Matching.
structured light	learning depth
Efficient additive kernels via explicit feature maps.
efficient additive kernels	explicit feature maps
Prioritized data transmission in airborne camera networks for wide area surveillance and image mosaicking.
airborne camera networks	prioritized data transmission	wide area surveillance	image mosaicking
A New Representation of Skeleton Sequences for 3D Action Recognition.
3d action recognition	skeleton sequences
Fast dynamic programming for labeling problems with ordering constraints.
fast dynamic programming	ordering constraints	labeling problems
Human Action Recognition across Datasets by Foreground-Weighted Histogram Decomposition.
foreground-weighted histogram decomposition	human action recognition
Learning Barycentric Representations of 3D Shapes for Sketch-Based 3D Shape Retrieval.
sketch-based 3d shape retrieval	learning barycentric representations	3d shapes
Video Desnowing and Deraining Based on Matrix Decomposition.
video desnowing	deraining based	matrix decomposition
Learning Structured Hough Voting for Joint Object Detection and Occlusion Reasoning.
learning structured hough voting	joint object detection	occlusion reasoning
Joint Coupled-Feature Representation and Coupled Boosting for AD Diagnosis.
joint coupled-feature representation	ad diagnosis	coupled boosting
Transformation of Markov Random Fields for marginal distribution estimation.
marginal distribution estimation	markov random fields
Spatiotemporal Multiplier Networks for Video Action Recognition.
spatiotemporal multiplier networks	video action recognition
Learning a Manifold as an Atlas.
atlas
Nonparametric learning for layered segmentation of natural images.
nonparametric learning	layered segmentation	natural images
Utilizing Variational Optimization to Learn Markov Random Fields.
learn markov random fields	utilizing variational optimization
In defense of Nearest-Neighbor based image classification.
nearest-neighbor based image classification
Two-Stream CNNs for Gesture-Based Verification and Identification: Learning User Style.
learning user style	two-stream cnns	gesture-based verification
A closed form solution to robust subspace estimation and clustering.
robust subspace estimation	closed form solution
Scale-hierarchical 3D object recognition in cluttered scenes.
scale-hierarchical 3d object recognition	cluttered scenes
Classifier learning with hidden information.
hidden information	classifier learning
Monocular 3D scene understanding with explicit occlusion reasoning.
monocular 3d scene understanding	explicit occlusion reasoning
Heterogeneous Conditional Random Field: Realizing joint detection and segmentation of cell regions in microscopic images.
heterogeneous conditional random field	realizing joint detection	microscopic images	cell regions
GPU computing with orientation maps for extracting local invariant features.
extracting local invariant features	orientation maps	gpu computing
Recognizing Groceries in situ Using in vitro Training Data.
vitro training data	recognizing groceries
Spectrally optimal factorization of incomplete matrices.
spectrally optimal factorization	incomplete matrices
Representing and Discovering Adversarial Team Behaviors Using Player Roles.
discovering adversarial team behaviors	player roles
Simultaneous image segmentation and 3D plane fitting for RGB-D sensors - An iterative framework.
simultaneous image segmentation	3d plane fitting	iterative framework
Surface Registration by Optimization in Constrained Diffeomorphism Space.
constrained diffeomorphism space	surface registration
Unsupervised Learning of Depth and Ego-Motion from Video.
unsupervised learning
Spectral Regression based age determination.
spectral regression based age determination
Maximally Stable Colour Regions for Recognition and Matching.
maximally stable colour regions
Bayesian Grammar Learning for Inverse Procedural Modeling.
bayesian grammar learning	inverse procedural modeling
Discriminative Optimization: Theory and Applications to Point Cloud Registration.
point cloud registration	discriminative optimization
VLAD3: Encoding Dynamics of Deep Features for Action Recognition.
deep features	action recognition	encoding dynamics
Single-Pedestrian Detection Aided by Multi-pedestrian Detection.
single-pedestrian detection aided	multi-pedestrian detection
End-to-End Learning of Action Detection from Frame Glimpses in Videos.
end-to-end learning	action detection	frame glimpses
Using closed captions to train activity recognizers that improve video retrieval.
improve video retrieval	train activity recognizers	closed captions
Robust Metric Reconstruction from Challenging Video Sequences.
challenging video sequences	robust metric reconstruction
Multi-pedestrian detection in crowded scenes: A global view.
global view	multi-pedestrian detection	crowded scenes
The Twenty-Third IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, CVPR 2010, San Francisco, CA, USA, 13-18 June 2010
13-18 june 2010	pattern recognition	ieee conference	computer vision	san francisco
Sparse re-id: Block sparsity for person re-identification.
block sparsity	person re-identification	sparse re-id
Online sketching hashing.
online sketching hashing
Mind the Class Weight Bias: Weighted Maximum Mean Discrepancy for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation.
unsupervised domain adaptation	class weight bias	weighted maximum
From label fusion to correspondence fusion: A new approach to unbiased groupwise registration.
unbiased groupwise registration	correspondence fusion	label fusion
Cross-View Image Geolocalization.
cross-view image geolocalization
Multi-Use Light Engine - Fast Projection.
fast projection	light engine
Efficient training for pairwise or higher order CRFs via dual decomposition.
higher order crfs	efficient training	dual decomposition
Distributed data association and filtering for multiple target tracking.
distributed data association	multiple target tracking
Joint SFM and detection cues for monocular 3D localization in road scenes.
monocular 3d localization	detection cues	road scenes	joint sfm
Robust and efficient regularized boosting using total Bregman divergence.
total bregman divergence	efficient regularized boosting
DeepGender: Occlusion and Low Resolution Robust Facial Gender Classification via Progressively Trained Convolutional Neural Networks with Attention.
low resolution robust facial gender classification	progressively trained convolutional neural networks
Wisdom of the Crowd in Egocentric Video Curation.
egocentric video curation
Fast human detection in crowded scenes by contour integration and local shape estimation.
local shape estimation	fast human detection	crowded scenes	contour integration
Robust and discriminative distance for Multi-Instance Learning.
multi-instance learning	discriminative distance
Asymmetric and symmetric unbiased image registration: Statistical assessment of performance.
symmetric unbiased image registration	statistical assessment
Object level deep feature pooling for compact image representation.
object level deep feature pooling	compact image representation
Multimodal Multi-Stream Deep Learning for Egocentric Activity Recognition.
multimodal multi-stream deep learning	egocentric activity recognition
Online multi-class LPBoost.
online multi-class lpboost
Action recognition via local descriptors and holistic features.
action recognition	local descriptors	holistic features
Deformation and illumination invariant feature point descriptor.
illumination invariant feature point descriptor
Dual Linear Regression Based Classification for Face Cluster Recognition.
dual linear regression based classification	face cluster recognition
Multilabel Ranking with Inconsistent Rankers.
multilabel ranking	inconsistent rankers
Learning based coarse-to-fine image registration.
learning based coarse-to-fine image registration
Structure from Motion with Objects.
motion
MovieQA: Understanding Stories in Movies through Question-Answering.
understanding stories
Optimizing discrimination-efficiency tradeoff in integrating heterogeneous local features for object detection.
integrating heterogeneous local features	optimizing discrimination-efficiency tradeoff	object detection
The Stereoscopic Zoom.
stereoscopic zoom
Auditory dialog analysis and understanding by generative modelling of interactional dynamics.
auditory dialog analysis	generative modelling	interactional dynamics
An efficient stochastic approach to groupwise non-rigid image registration.
groupwise non-rigid image registration	efficient stochastic approach
Robust Visual Tracking with Deep Convolutional Neural Network Based Object Proposals on PETS.
deep convolutional neural network based object proposals	robust visual tracking
RAID-G: Robust Estimation of Approximate Infinite Dimensional Gaussian with Application to Material Recognition.
approximate infinite dimensional gaussian	robust estimation	material recognition
Using Group Prior to Identify People in Consumer Images.
group prior	identify people	consumer images
Dense 3D motion capture from synchronized video streams.
dense 3d motion capture	synchronized video streams
Towards cross-category knowledge propagation for learning visual concepts.
learning visual concepts	cross-category knowledge propagation
Matrix-Similarity Based Loss Function and Feature Selection for Alzheimer's Disease Diagnosis.
matrix-similarity based loss function	disease diagnosis	feature selection
Robust curb and ramp detection for safe parking using the Canesta TOF camera.
canesta tof camera	robust curb	safe parking	ramp detection
Visual Tracking Using Pertinent Patch Selection and Masking.
pertinent patch selection	visual tracking
Absolute phase mapping for one-shot dense pattern projection.
one-shot dense pattern projection	absolute phase mapping
CERN: Confidence-Energy Recurrent Network for Group Activity Recognition.
confidence-energy recurrent network	group activity recognition
Approximated Prediction Strategy for Reducing Power Consumption of Convolutional Neural Network Processor.
convolutional neural network processor	approximated prediction strategy	reducing power consumption
Performance Benchmark of DSP and FPGA Implementations of Low-Level Vision Algorithms.
low-level vision algorithms	performance benchmark	fpga implementations
Teleimmersive 3D collaborative environment for cyberarchaeology.
teleimmersive 3d collaborative environment
Distributed message passing for large scale graphical models.
large scale graphical models	distributed message passing
Spatio-temporal Depth Cuboid Similarity Feature for Activity Recognition Using Depth Camera.
spatio-temporal depth cuboid similarity feature	depth camera	activity recognition
Non-negative local coordinate factorization for image representation.
non-negative local coordinate factorization	image representation
Learning SURF Cascade for Fast and Accurate Object Detection.
learning surf cascade	accurate object detection
Research issues in image registration for remote sensing.
research issues	image registration	remote sensing
Scalable object detection by filter compression with regularized sparse coding.
regularized sparse coding	scalable object detection	filter compression
Blind deconvolution using a normalized sparsity measure.
normalized sparsity measure	blind deconvolution
Application and evaluation of spatiotemporal enhancement of live aerial video using temporally local mosaics.
live aerial video	temporally local mosaics	spatiotemporal enhancement
A case for the average-half-face in 2D and 3D for face recognition.
face recognition
Embedding Label Structures for Fine-Grained Feature Representation.
fine-grained feature representation	embedding label structures
In Search of Inliers: 3D Correspondence by Local and Global Voting.
3d correspondence	global voting
A probabilistic model for recursive factorized image features.
recursive factorized image features	probabilistic model
Graph cut segmentation with a global constraint: Recovering region distribution via a bound of the Bhattacharyya measure.
recovering region distribution	graph cut segmentation	bhattacharyya measure	global constraint
An object-dependent hand pose prior from sparse training data.
object-dependent hand pose prior	sparse training data
Semi-supervised Learning of Feature Hierarchies for Object Detection in a Video.
feature hierarchies	semi-supervised learning	object detection
Analyzing Classifiers: Fisher Vectors and Deep Neural Networks.
deep neural networks	fisher vectors	analyzing classifiers
Spherical embeddings for non-Euclidean dissimilarities.
spherical embeddings	non-euclidean dissimilarities
Temporally-Dependent Dirichlet Process Mixtures for Egocentric Video Segmentation.
temporally-dependent dirichlet process mixtures	egocentric video segmentation
Manifold learning using robust Graph Laplacian for interactive image search.
interactive image search	robust graph laplacian	manifold learning
Automatic detection of liver lesion from 3D computed tomography images.
3d computed tomography images	liver lesion	automatic detection
Single Image Reflection Suppression.
single image reflection suppression
Becoming the expert - interactive multi-class machine teaching.
interactive multi-class machine teaching
An approach to vectorial total variation based on geometric measure theory.
vectorial total variation based	geometric measure theory
Microphone Arrays as Generalized Cameras for Integrated Audio Visual Processing.
integrated audio visual processing	generalized cameras	microphone arrays
Metric-induced optimal embedding for intrinsic 3D shape analysis.
intrinsic 3d shape analysis	metric-induced optimal embedding
Scene warping: Layer-based stereoscopic image resizing.
layer-based stereoscopic image resizing	scene warping
Accurate depth map estimation from a lenslet light field camera.
accurate depth map estimation	lenslet light field camera
Auto-directed video stabilization with robust L1 optimal camera paths.
robust l1 optimal camera paths	auto-directed video stabilization
Irregular lattices for complex shape grammar facade parsing.
complex shape grammar facade parsing	irregular lattices
Element Rearrangement for Tensor-Based Subspace Learning.
tensor-based subspace learning	element rearrangement
Sparse representation using nonnegative curds and whey.
sparse representation	nonnegative curds
Locally non-rigid registration for mobile HDR photography.
locally non-rigid registration	mobile hdr photography
Automatic Removal of Chromatic Aberration from a Single Image.
single image	automatic removal	chromatic aberration
Skin Detail Analysis for Face Recognition.
skin detail analysis	face recognition
Learning without Human Scores for Blind Image Quality Assessment.
blind image quality assessment	human scores
Histogram-based search: A comparative study.
comparative study	histogram-based search
Spatiotemporal multiple persons tracking using Dynamic Vision Sensor.
spatiotemporal multiple persons tracking	dynamic vision sensor
Embedded Robust Visual Obstacle Detection on Autonomous Lawn Mowers.
embedded robust visual obstacle detection	autonomous lawn mowers
What is and What is Not a Salient Object? Learning Salient Object Detector by Ensembling Linear Exemplar Regressors.
ensembling linear exemplar regressors	learning salient object detector	salient object
Multiple label prediction for image annotation with multiple Kernel correlation models.
multiple kernel correlation models	multiple label prediction	image annotation
Robust tracking via weakly supervised ranking SVM.
weakly supervised ranking svm	robust tracking
Variable Aperture Light Field Photography: Overcoming the Diffraction-Limited Spatio-Angular Resolution Tradeoff.
variable aperture light field photography	diffraction-limited spatio-angular resolution tradeoff
On the Role of Representations for Reasoning in Large-Scale Urban Scenes.
large-scale urban scenes
Person Re-identification in the Wild.
person re-identification
Ambient occlusion via compressive visibility estimation.
compressive visibility estimation	ambient occlusion
Procrustean Normal Distribution for Non-rigid Structure from Motion.
procrustean normal distribution	non-rigid structure
Small-variance nonparametric clustering on the hypersphere.
small-variance nonparametric clustering
The Vitruvian manifold: Inferring dense correspondences for one-shot human pose estimation.
one-shot human pose estimation	inferring dense correspondences	vitruvian manifold
Face recognition at-a-distance based on sparse-stereo reconstruction.
face recognition at-a-distance based	sparse-stereo reconstruction
PETS 2017: Dataset and Challenge.
challenge
Anonymous and Revocable Fingerprint Recognition.
revocable fingerprint recognition
3D Human pose and shape estimation from multi-view imagery.
3d human pose	shape estimation	multi-view imagery
Finding trails.
finding trails
Multiple random walkers and their application to image cosegmentation.
multiple random walkers	image cosegmentation
Manhattan-world stereo.
manhattan-world stereo
Verifying liveness by multiple experts in face biometrics.
face biometrics	verifying liveness	multiple experts
Stabilization of Magnified Videos on a Mobile Device for Visually Impaired.
visually impaired	mobile device	magnified videos
Search strategies for multiple landmark detection by submodular maximization.
multiple landmark detection	search strategies	submodular maximization
Part-Based Visual Tracking with Online Latent Structural Learning.
online latent structural learning	part-based visual tracking
Active Learning for Delineation of Curvilinear Structures.
curvilinear structures	active learning
Less is More: Zero-Shot Learning from Online Textual Documents with Noise Suppression.
online textual documents	zero-shot learning	noise suppression
Image Set-Based Face Recognition: A Local Multi-keypoint Descriptor-Based Approach.
local multi-keypoint descriptor-based approach	image set-based face recognition
Safety in numbers: Learning categories from few examples with multi model knowledge transfer.
multi model knowledge transfer	learning categories
A ray tracing method for geodesic based tractography in diffusion tensor images.
diffusion tensor images	geodesic based tractography	ray tracing method
RGBD-fusion: Real-time high precision depth recovery.
real-time high precision depth recovery
Classification via semi-Riemannian spaces.
semi-riemannian spaces
Shape-tailored local descriptors and their application to segmentation and tracking.
shape-tailored local descriptors
Partially Occluded Object-Specific Segmentation in View-Based Recognition.
partially occluded object-specific segmentation	view-based recognition
Substructure and boundary modeling for continuous action recognition.
continuous action recognition	boundary modeling
3D Face Morphable Models "In-the-Wild".
3d face morphable models
A methodology for quality assessment in tensor images.
quality assessment	tensor images
Reconstructing Shapes and Appearances of Thin Film Objects Using RGB Images.
thin film objects	reconstructing shapes	rgb images
Pipeline landmark detection for autonomous robot navigation using time-of-flight imagery.
pipeline landmark detection	autonomous robot navigation	time-of-flight imagery
A Fully-Connected Layered Model of Foreground and Background Flow.
fully-connected layered model	background flow
A fast algorithm for elastic shape distances between closed planar curves.
closed planar curves	elastic shape distances	fast algorithm
Perspective and appearance context for people surveillance in open areas.
open areas	appearance context	people surveillance
Feature-domain super-resolution framework for Gabor-based face and iris recognition.
feature-domain super-resolution framework	iris recognition	gabor-based face
Rectilinear parsing of architecture in urban environment.
rectilinear parsing	urban environment
Deep Level Sets for Salient Object Detection.
salient object detection	deep level sets
Multi-objective convolutional learning for face labeling.
multi-objective convolutional learning	face labeling
Beyond Human Opinion Scores: Blind Image Quality Assessment Based on Synthetic Scores.
blind image quality assessment based	human opinion scores	synthetic scores
Video Motion Segmentation Using New Adaptive Manifold Denoising Model.
adaptive manifold denoising model	video motion segmentation
Two thresholds are better than one.
thresholds
Projective least-squares: Global solutions with local optimization.
local optimization	global solutions	projective least-squares
Euclidean Path Modeling from Ground and Aerial Views.
euclidean path modeling	aerial views
A Field Model for Repairing 3D Shapes.
repairing 3d shapes	field model
Semi-supervised Coupled Dictionary Learning for Person Re-identification.
semi-supervised coupled dictionary learning	person re-identification
Tampering Detection and Localization Through Clustering of Camera-Based CNN Features.
camera-based cnn features	tampering detection
Finding Vanishing Points via Point Alignments in Image Primal and Dual Domains.
finding vanishing points	dual domains	point alignments	image primal
Single Image Motion Deblurring Using Transparency.
single image motion deblurring
Cross Modal Distillation for Supervision Transfer.
cross modal distillation	supervision transfer
Microscopic shape from focus with optimal illumination.
microscopic shape	optimal illumination
Cross-dataset action detection.
cross-dataset action detection
Classifiability-based Optimal Discriminatory Projection Pursuit.
classifiability-based optimal discriminatory projection pursuit
A pattern framework driven by the Hamming distance for structured light-based reconstruction with a single image.
structured light-based reconstruction	pattern framework driven	hamming distance	single image
Translation symmetry detection in a fronto-parallel view.
translation symmetry detection	fronto-parallel view
Accelerated low-rank visual recovery by random projection.
accelerated low-rank visual recovery	random projection
Structured Face Hallucination.
structured face hallucination
Efficient Euclidean distance transform using perpendicular bisector segmentation.
efficient euclidean distance transform	perpendicular bisector segmentation
Robust piecewise-planar 3D reconstruction and completion from large-scale unstructured point data.
robust piecewise-planar 3d reconstruction	large-scale unstructured point data
Layered object detection for multi-class segmentation.
layered object detection	multi-class segmentation
Efficient sparse-to-dense optical flow estimation using a learned basis and layers.
efficient sparse-to-dense optical flow estimation	learned basis
Simultaneous Clustering and Model Selection for Tensor Affinities.
tensor affinities	simultaneous clustering	model selection
A Bayesian approach for image segmentation with shape priors.
bayesian approach	shape priors	image segmentation
Multiple Granularity Analysis for Fine-Grained Action Detection.
fine-grained action detection	multiple granularity analysis
Adaptive Object Detection Using Adjacency and Zoom Prediction.
adaptive object detection	zoom prediction
A discrete search method for multi-modal non-rigid image registration.
multi-modal non-rigid image registration	discrete search method
Reconstructing Loopy Curvilinear Structures Using Integer Programming.
reconstructing loopy curvilinear structures	integer programming
MILCut: A Sweeping Line Multiple Instance Learning Paradigm for Interactive Image Segmentation.
sweeping line multiple instance learning paradigm	interactive image segmentation
Robust order-based methods for feature description.
robust order-based methods	feature description
Geometry-corrected light field rendering for creating a holographic stereogram.
geometry-corrected light field rendering	holographic stereogram
Joint Graph Decomposition & Node Labeling: Problem, Algorithms, Applications.
joint graph decomposition & node labeling
Straight skeletons for binary shapes.
straight skeletons	binary shapes
Global optimization for alignment of generalized shapes.
generalized shapes	global optimization
Correcting Photometric Distortion of Document Images on a Smartphone.
correcting photometric distortion	document images
The Design of SuperElastix - A Unifying Framework for a Wide Range of Image Registration Methodologies.
image registration methodologies	wide range	unifying framework
Active lighting learning for 3D model based vehicle tracking.
3d model based vehicle tracking	active lighting learning
Robust 3D Hand Pose Estimation in Single Depth Images: From Single-View CNN to Multi-View CNNs.
robust 3d hand pose estimation	single depth images	multi-view cnns	single-view cnn
Learning photometric invariance from diversified color model ensembles.
diversified color model ensembles	learning photometric invariance
First Person Action Recognition Using Deep Learned Descriptors.
deep learned descriptors	person action recognition
Shape matching based on diffusion embedding and on mutual isometric consistency.
shape matching based	mutual isometric consistency	diffusion embedding
Pushing the envelope of modern methods for bundle adjustment.
bundle adjustment	modern methods
Boundary Cues for 3D Object Shape Recovery.
3d object shape recovery	boundary cues
Dynamic modeling of streaklines for motion pattern analysis in video.
motion pattern analysis	dynamic modeling
Facial expression invariant head pose normalization using Gaussian Process Regression.
facial expression invariant head pose normalization	gaussian process regression
B-spline polynomial descriptors for human activity recognition.
b-spline polynomial descriptors	human activity recognition
Discrete-continuous optimization for multi-target tracking.
discrete-continuous optimization	multi-target tracking
Analysis of user-specific score characteristics for spoof biometric attacks.
user-specific score characteristics	spoof biometric attacks
Single snapshot-based 3D head pose initialization for tracking in a HRI scenario.
single snapshot-based 3d head pose initialization	hri scenario
Topology Preserving Log-Unbiased Nonlinear Image Registration: Theory and Implementation.
topology preserving log-unbiased nonlinear image registration
Improved building detection by Gaussian processes classification via feature space rescale and spectral kernel selection.
spectral kernel selection	feature space rescale	improved building detection	gaussian processes classification
Pedestrian Detection Inspired by Appearance Constancy and Shape Symmetry.
pedestrian detection inspired	shape symmetry	appearance constancy
Second-Order Shape Optimization for Geometric Inverse Problems in Vision.
second-order shape optimization	geometric inverse problems
DeepID-Net: Deformable deep convolutional neural networks for object detection.
deformable deep convolutional neural networks	object detection
Abnormal detection using interaction energy potentials.
interaction energy potentials	abnormal detection
Biometric data hiding: A 3 factor authentication approach to verify identity with a single image using steganography, encryption and matching.
biometric data hiding	3 factor authentication approach	single image	verify identity
Stereo Matching via Disparity Estimation and Surface Modeling.
disparity estimation	surface modeling	stereo matching
ForgetMeNot: Memory-Aware Forensic Facial Sketch Matching.
memory-aware forensic facial sketch matching
Spectral Modeling and Relighting of Reflective-Fluorescent Scenes.
spectral modeling	reflective-fluorescent scenes
Exemplar-Driven Top-Down Saliency Detection via Deep Association.
saliency detection	deep association	exemplar-driven top-
Conjugate rotation: Parameterization and estimation from an affine feature correspondence.
affine feature correspondence	conjugate rotation
Deep Laplacian Pyramid Networks for Fast and Accurate Super-Resolution.
deep laplacian pyramid networks	accurate super-resolution
Action Recognition in Video Using Sparse Coding and Relative Features.
relative features	action recognition	sparse coding
Photometric stereo for outdoor webcams.
outdoor webcams	photometric stereo
Bidirectional relighting for 3D-aided 2D face recognition.
3d-aided 2d face recognition	bidirectional relighting
Ordinary preserving manifold analysis for human age estimation.
ordinary preserving manifold analysis	human age estimation
Photometric refinement of depth maps for multi-albedo objects.
photometric refinement	depth maps	multi-albedo objects
Visual tracking with histograms and articulating blocks.
visual tracking	articulating blocks
Inferring Unseen Views of People.
inferring unseen views
A streaming framework for seamless building reconstruction from large-scale aerial LiDAR data.
large-scale aerial lidar data	seamless building reconstruction	streaming framework
Kinematic Structure Correspondences via Hypergraph Matching.
kinematic structure correspondences	hypergraph matching
Coded exposure deblurring: Optimized codes for PSF estimation and invertibility.
coded exposure deblurring	psf estimation	optimized codes
Automating Carotid Intima-Media Thickness Video Interpretation with Convolutional Neural Networks.
automating carotid intima-media thickness video interpretation	convolutional neural networks
Saliency-guided integration of multiple scans.
saliency-guided integration	multiple scans
Discriminatively Trained And-Or Tree Models for Object Detection.
discriminatively trained and-	object detection	tree models
Rotating your face using multi-task deep neural network.
multi-task deep neural network
End-To-End Ego Lane Estimation Based on Sequential Transfer Learning for Self-Driving Cars.
end-to-end ego lane estimation based	sequential transfer learning	self-driving cars
Auto-context and its application to high-level vision tasks.
high-level vision tasks
Attribute-centric recognition for cross-category generalization.
cross-category generalization	attribute-centric recognition
Robust Joint and Individual Variance Explained.
individual variance explained	robust joint
Learning codebook weights for action detection.
learning codebook weights	action detection
Registration of camera captured documents under non-rigid deformation.
camera captured documents	non-rigid deformation
Methodology for Increasing the Measurement Accuracy of Image Features.
image features	measurement accuracy
Histogram-based interest point detectors.
histogram-based interest point detectors
Image Classification with Segmentation Graph Kernels.
segmentation graph kernels	image classification
Per-pixel translational symmetry detection, optimization, and segmentation.
per-pixel translational symmetry detection
Gesture recognition by learning local motion signatures.
learning local motion signatures	gesture recognition
Direct structure estimation for 3D reconstruction.
direct structure estimation	3d reconstruction
Peak Valley Edge Patterns: A New Descriptor for Biomedical Image Indexing and Retrieval.
peak valley edge patterns	biomedical image indexing
Image partial blur detection and classification.
image partial blur detection
Aff-Wild: Valence and Arousal 'In-the-Wild' Challenge.
arousal
Model-Guided Segmentation of 3D Neuroradiological Image Using Statistical Surface Wavelet Model.
statistical surface wavelet model	3d neuroradiological image	model-guided segmentation
Removal of 3D facial expressions: A learning-based approach.
3d facial expressions	learning-based approach
Discrete-continuous optimization for large-scale structure from motion.
discrete-continuous optimization	large-scale structure
Keep it accurate and diverse: Enhancing action recognition performance by ensemble learning.
enhancing action recognition performance	ensemble learning
Mixing Body-Part Sequences for Human Pose Estimation.
mixing body-part sequences	human pose estimation
Fast sparse representation with prototypes.
fast sparse representation
Rich Image Captioning in the Wild.
rich image captioning
A Theory of Refractive Photo-Light-Path Triangulation.
refractive photo-light-path triangulation
Richer Convolutional Features for Edge Detection.
richer convolutional features	edge detection
Deeply-Recursive Convolutional Network for Image Super-Resolution.
deeply-recursive convolutional network	image super-resolution
Segmentation of building facades using procedural shape priors.
procedural shape priors	building facades
TVSum: Summarizing web videos using titles.
summarizing web videos
A Pointing Gesture Based Egocentric Interaction System: Dataset, Approach and Application.
pointing gesture based egocentric interaction system
Learning Deep Context-Aware Features over Body and Latent Parts for Person Re-identification.
learning deep context-aware features	latent parts	person re-identification
Attentional Correlation Filter Network for Adaptive Visual Tracking.
attentional correlation filter network	adaptive visual tracking
Unsupervised Salience Learning for Person Re-identification.
unsupervised salience learning	person re-identification
Unconstrained Face Alignment Without Face Detection.
unconstrained face alignment	face detection
Fashion Style in 128 Floats: Joint Ranking and Classification Using Weak Data for Feature Extraction.
feature extraction	weak data	fashion style	joint ranking
Interactive semantic camera coverage determination using 3D floorplans.
interactive semantic camera coverage determination	3d floorplans
Real-Time Face Identification via CNN and Boosted Hashing Forest.
real-time face identification	boosted hashing forest
Discriminative Covariance Oriented Representation Learning for Face Recognition with Image Sets.
discriminative covariance oriented representation learning	face recognition	image sets
Cast Shadow Removal Combining Local and Global Features.
cast shadow removal combining local	global features
A learning-based hybrid tagging and browsing approach for efficient manual image annotation.
efficient manual image annotation	learning-based hybrid tagging	browsing approach
A Graph Cut Approach to Image Segmentation in Tensor Space.
graph cut approach	tensor space	image segmentation
Image Segmentation by Probabilistic Bottom-Up Aggregation and Cue Integration.
cue integration	image segmentation	probabilistic bottom-
Template Matching with Deformable Diversity Similarity.
deformable diversity similarity	template matching
An associate-predict model for face recognition.
face recognition	associate-predict model
Automatic Alignment of Indoor and Outdoor Building Models Using 3D Line Segments.
outdoor building models	3d line segments	automatic alignment
Distance guided selection of the best base classifier in an ensemble with application to cervigram image segmentation.
cervigram image segmentation	distance guided selection	base classifier
Frame Rate Fusion and Upsampling of EO/LIDAR Data for Multiple Platforms.
frame rate fusion	eo/lidar data	multiple platforms
InstanceCut: From Edges to Instances with MultiCut.
instancecut
On multiple foreground cosegmentation.
multiple foreground cosegmentation
Dynamic texture recognition based on distributions of spacetime oriented structure.
dynamic texture recognition based	spacetime oriented structure
Color attributes for object detection.
object detection	color attributes
Classification of archaeological ceramic fragments using texture and color descriptors.
archaeological ceramic fragments	color descriptors
Minimum length in the tangent bundle as a model for curve completion.
curve completion	minimum length	tangent bundle
Stereoscopic inpainting: Joint color and depth completion from stereo images.
stereo images	joint color	depth completion	stereoscopic inpainting
Subject centric group feature for person re-identification.
subject centric group feature	person re-identification
A Fast and Robust Algorithm to Count Topologically Persistent Holes in Noisy Clouds.
count topologically persistent holes	noisy clouds	robust algorithm
Generalized video deblurring for dynamic scenes.
generalized video deblurring	dynamic scenes
From Local Similarity to Global Coding: An Application to Image Classification.
global coding	local similarity	image classification
Exploiting Spectral-Spatial Correlation for Coded Hyperspectral Image Restoration.
coded hyperspectral image restoration	exploiting spectral-spatial correlation
Estimating optical properties of layered surfaces using the spider model.
estimating optical properties	spider model	layered surfaces
MatchNet: Unifying feature and metric learning for patch-based matching.
unifying feature	metric learning	patch-based matching
Sharing features between objects and their attributes.
sharing features
Mesh Based Semantic Modelling for Indoor and Outdoor Scenes.
mesh based semantic modelling	outdoor scenes
LGE-KSVD: Flexible Dictionary Learning for Optimized Sparse Representation Classification.
optimized sparse representation classification	flexible dictionary learning
Feedforward semantic segmentation with zoom-out features.
feedforward semantic segmentation
Image/video deblurring using a hybrid camera.
hybrid camera	image/video deblurring
Reconfigurable models for scene recognition.
reconfigurable models	scene recognition
Latent Dictionary Learning for Sparse Representation Based Classification.
sparse representation based classification	latent dictionary learning
Effectiveness of Grasp Attributes and Motion-Constraints for Fine-Grained Recognition of Object Manipulation Actions.
object manipulation actions	fine-grained recognition	grasp attributes
CLEVR: A Diagnostic Dataset for Compositional Language and Elementary Visual Reasoning.
elementary visual reasoning	diagnostic dataset	compositional language
Multiview Image Completion with Space Structure Propagation.
multiview image completion	space structure propagation
Towards fast, view-invariant human action recognition.
view-invariant human action recognition
Minimal local reconstruction error measure based discriminant feature extraction and classification.
minimal local reconstruction error measure based discriminant feature extraction
Leveraging stereo matching with learning-based confidence measures.
leveraging stereo matching	learning-based confidence measures
Harmony potentials for joint classification and segmentation.
joint classification	harmony potentials
Image ranking and retrieval based on multi-attribute queries.
retrieval based	image ranking	multi-attribute queries
Filtered Component Analysis to Increase Robustness to Local Minima in Appearance Models.
filtered component analysis	local minima	increase robustness	appearance models
Building a bird recognition app and large scale dataset with citizen scientists: The fine print in fine-grained dataset collection.
bird recognition app	fine-grained dataset collection	large scale dataset	fine print	citizen scientists
Discovering the Physical Parts of an Articulated Object Class from Multiple Videos.
articulated object class	multiple videos	physical parts
Similarity Measure Using Local Phase Features and Its Application to Biometric Recognition.
local phase features	biometric recognition	similarity measure
Training Region-Based Object Detectors with Online Hard Example Mining.
training region-based object detectors	online hard
Mutual information-based stereo matching combined with SIFT descriptor in log-chromaticity color space.
mutual information-based stereo matching combined	log-chromaticity color space	sift descriptor
A New Model and Simple Algorithms for Multi-label Mumford-Shah Problems.
multi-label mumford-shah problems	simple algorithms
Optimal single image capture for motion deblurring.
optimal single image capture	motion deblurring
Solving multiple square jigsaw puzzles with missing pieces.
solving multiple square jigsaw puzzles	missing pieces
Towards robust cascaded regression for face alignment in the wild.
robust cascaded regression	face alignment
A Cause and Effect Analysis of Motion Trajectories for Modeling Actions.
effect analysis	modeling actions	motion trajectories
Multi-object shape estimation and tracking from silhouette cues.
multi-object shape estimation	silhouette cues
3D surface models by geometric constraints propagation.
3d surface models	geometric constraints propagation
Raw-to-Raw: Mapping between Image Sensor Color Responses.
image sensor color responses
Identifying Same Persons from Temporally Synchronized Videos Taken by Multiple Wearable Cameras.
multiple wearable cameras	temporally synchronized videos
Food recognition using statistics of pairwise local features.
pairwise local features	food recognition
Reinforcement Learning for Visual Object Detection.
visual object detection	reinforcement learning
Measuring Distance between Unordered Sets of Different Sizes.
measuring distance	unordered sets
Object detection by labeling superpixels.
labeling superpixels	object detection
Efficient extraction of human motion volumes by tracking.
human motion volumes	efficient extraction
Learning to compare image patches via convolutional neural networks.
convolutional neural networks	compare image patches
Multi-label learning with incomplete class assignments.
incomplete class assignments	multi-label learning
Scene-Independent Group Profiling in Crowd.
scene-independent group profiling
Look Closer to See Better: Recurrent Attention Convolutional Neural Network for Fine-Grained Image Recognition.
recurrent attention convolutional neural network	fine-grained image recognition
Scale-Space Processing Using Polynomial Representations.
scale-space processing	polynomial representations
Beyond the Lambertian assumption: A generative model for Apparent BRDF fields of faces using anti-symmetric tensor splines.
anti-symmetric tensor splines	apparent brdf fields	generative model	lambertian assumption
Event detection using local binary pattern based dynamic textures.
local binary pattern based dynamic textures	event detection
ChestX-Ray8: Hospital-Scale Chest X-Ray Database and Benchmarks on Weakly-Supervised Classification and Localization of Common Thorax Diseases.
hospital-scale chest x-ray database	common thorax diseases	weakly-supervised classification
Embedded contours extraction for high-speed scene dynamics based on a neuromorphic temporal contrast vision sensor.
neuromorphic temporal contrast vision sensor	high-speed scene dynamics based	embedded contours extraction
Deformable part models are convolutional neural networks.
deformable part models	convolutional neural networks
Generation of Ground Truth for Object Detection While Playing an Online Game: Productive Gaming or Recreational Working?
ground truth	recreational working	object detection	productive gaming	online game
Fuzzy-Cuts: A knowledge-driven graph-based method for medical image segmentation.
medical image segmentation	knowledge-driven graph-based method
Temporal Vegetation Modelling Using Long Short-Term Memory Networks for Crop Identification from Medium-Resolution Multi-spectral Satellite Images.
medium-resolution multi-spectral satellite images	long short-term memory networks	temporal vegetation modelling	crop identification
The Secrets of Salient Object Segmentation.
salient object segmentation
Hierarchical Matching of Deformable Shapes.
hierarchical matching	deformable shapes
Radial distortion homography.
radial distortion homography
Inverting RANSAC: Global model detection via inlier rate estimation.
inlier rate estimation	global model detection	inverting ransac
Clothing cosegmentation for recognizing people.
clothing cosegmentation	recognizing people
Fast Deformable Image Registration with Non-smooth Dual Optimization.
fast deformable image registration	non-smooth dual optimization
A New Method for Object Tracking Based on Regions Instead of Contours.
object tracking based
A Higher-Order CRF Model for Road Network Extraction.
road network extraction	higher-order crf model
Efficient Temporal Sequence Comparison and Classification Using Gram Matrix Embeddings on a Riemannian Manifold.
efficient temporal sequence comparison	gram matrix embeddings	riemannian manifold
Nonlinear camera response functions and image deblurring.
nonlinear camera response functions	image deblurring
Real-Time Salient Object Detection with a Minimum Spanning Tree.
real-time salient object detection	minimum spanning tree
Semi-Supervised Discriminant Analysis using robust path-based similarity.
robust path-based similarity	semi-supervised discriminant analysis
Joint Unsupervised Deformable Spatio-Temporal Alignment of Sequences.
joint unsupervised deformable spatio-temporal alignment
Unsupervised discovery of facial events.
facial events	unsupervised discovery
Reflectance and Fluorescent Spectra Recovery Based on Fluorescent Chromaticity Invariance under Varying Illumination.
fluorescent spectra recovery based	fluorescent chromaticity invariance	varying illumination
A Bayesian approach to adaptive video super resolution.
adaptive video super resolution	bayesian approach
Spectral Graph Reduction for Efficient Image and Streaming Video Segmentation.
streaming video segmentation	spectral graph reduction	efficient image
Combining Markov Random Fields and Convolutional Neural Networks for Image Synthesis.
combining markov random fields	convolutional neural networks	image synthesis
Codomain scale space and regularization for high angular resolution diffusion imaging.
high angular resolution diffusion imaging	codomain scale space
High-frequency shape and albedo from shading using natural image statistics.
natural image statistics	high-frequency shape
Large Scale Medical Image Search via Unsupervised PCA Hashing.
large scale medical image search	unsupervised pca hashing
Efficient Category Mining by Leveraging Instance Retrieval.
leveraging instance retrieval	efficient category mining
Active Annotation Translation.
active annotation translation
Proximate sensing: Inferring what-is-where from georeferenced photo collections.
georeferenced photo collections	inferring what-is-	proximate sensing
Learning Visual Representations using Images with Captions.
learning visual representations
Moving Object Detection on a Runway Prior to Landing Using an Onboard Infrared Camera.
moving object detection	onboard infrared camera	runway prior
Aesthetic quality classification of photographs based on color harmony.
aesthetic quality classification	photographs based	color harmony
From Motion Blur to Motion Flow: A Deep Learning Solution for Removing Heterogeneous Motion Blur.
removing heterogeneous motion blur	deep learning solution	motion blur	motion flow
Efficient and Robust Color Consistency for Community Photo Collections.
robust color consistency	community photo collections
Camera Source Identification Using Discrete Cosine Transform Residue Features and Ensemble Classifier.
discrete cosine transform residue features	camera source identification	ensemble classifier
Fingerprint indexing based on local arrangements of minutiae neighborhoods.
fingerprint indexing based	minutiae neighborhoods	local arrangements
Automated 3D Face Reconstruction from Multiple Images Using Quality Measures.
automated 3d face reconstruction	quality measures	multiple images
Variational segmentation of elongated volumetric structures.
elongated volumetric structures	variational segmentation
Context Driven Scene Parsing with Attention to Rare Classes.
context driven scene parsing	rare classes
Group motion segmentation using a Spatio-Temporal Driving Force Model.
spatio-temporal driving force model	group motion segmentation
Sensor Fusion and Environmental Modelling for Multimodal Sentient Computing.
multimodal sentient computing	environmental modelling	sensor fusion
Mirror Symmetry Histograms for Capturing Geometric Properties in Images.
mirror symmetry histograms	capturing geometric properties
Multiple pose context trees for estimating human pose in object context.
multiple pose context trees	estimating human pose	object context
High-speed line-scan camera with multi-line CMOS color sensor.
multi-line cmos color sensor	high-speed line-scan camera
Particle filtering with rendered models: A two pass approach to multi-object 3D tracking with the GPU.
multi-object 3d tracking	pass approach	particle filtering	rendered models
Globally optimal hand-eye calibration.
globally optimal hand-eye calibration
Action-Decision Networks for Visual Tracking with Deep Reinforcement Learning.
deep reinforcement learning	visual tracking	action-decision networks
Online content-aware video condensation.
online content-aware video condensation
Growing a bag of systems tree for fast and accurate classification.
systems tree	accurate classification
On the dimensionality of video bricks under varying illumination.
video bricks	varying illumination
Color-based hybrid reconstruction for endoscopy.
color-based hybrid reconstruction
Leveraging Structure from Motion to Learn Discriminative Codebooks for Scalable Landmark Classification.
learn discriminative codebooks	scalable landmark classification	leveraging structure
Co-training with noisy perceptual observations.
noisy perceptual observations
A large-scale benchmark dataset for event recognition in surveillance video.
large-scale benchmark dataset	surveillance video	event recognition
Gradient Intensity: A New Mutual Information-Based Registration Method.
mutual information-based registration method	gradient intensity
Dynamic Image Stacks.
dynamic image stacks
Removal of Image Artifacts Due to Sensor Dust.
image artifacts due	sensor dust
Depth and surface normal estimation from monocular images using regression on deep features and hierarchical CRFs.
surface normal estimation	monocular images	hierarchical crfs	deep features
Locality-sensitive support vector machine by exploring local correlation and global regularization.
locality-sensitive support vector machine	exploring local correlation	global regularization
Online Video Object Segmentation via Convolutional Trident Network.
online video object segmentation	convolutional trident network
Face illumination normalization on large and small scale features.
small scale features	face illumination normalization
Gauss-Newton Deformable Part Models for Face Alignment In-the-Wild.
gauss-newton deformable part models	face alignment in-the-wild
Content-aware image resizing by quadratic programming.
content-aware image resizing	quadratic programming
Relative Parts: Distinctive Parts for Learning Relative Attributes.
learning relative attributes	relative parts	distinctive parts
One shot learning gesture recognition from RGBD images.
shot learning gesture recognition	rgbd images
Bayes Merging of Multiple Vocabularies for Scalable Image Retrieval.
scalable image retrieval	bayes merging	multiple vocabularies
Robust unambiguous parametrization of the essential manifold.
robust unambiguous parametrization	essential manifold
Internal statistics of a single natural image.
single natural image	internal statistics
Total Bregman divergence and its applications to shape retrieval.
total bregman divergence	shape retrieval
Recognition of Symmetry Structure by Use of Gestalt Algebra.
gestalt algebra	symmetry structure
Hybrid learning of large jigsaws.
large jigsaws	hybrid learning
Integration of active learning in a collaborative CRF.
collaborative crf	active learning
Sample-Specific Late Fusion for Visual Category Recognition.
visual category recognition	sample-specific late fusion
High-Magnification Multi-views Based Classification of Breast Fine Needle Aspiration Cytology Cell Samples Using Fusion of Decisions from Deep Convolutional Networks.
breast fine needle aspiration cytology cell samples	high-magnification multi-views based classification	deep convolutional networks
One-Shot Learning of Scene Locations via Feature Trajectory Transfer.
feature trajectory transfer	scene locations	one-shot learning
Reconstructing Transient Images from Single-Photon Sensors.
reconstructing transient images	single-photon sensors
Seeing the Arrow of Time.
arrow
Challenges of Ground Truth Evaluation of Multi-target Tracking.
ground truth evaluation	multi-target tracking
On the Direct Estimation of the Fundamental Matrix.
direct estimation	fundamental matrix
Riemannian manifold optimisation for non-rigid structure from motion.
riemannian manifold optimisation	non-rigid structure
Generalized group sparse classifiers with application in fMRI brain decoding.
generalized group sparse classifiers	fmri brain decoding
Single image multimaterial estimation.
single image multimaterial estimation
Adaptive Active Learning for Image Classification.
adaptive active learning	image classification
Hardware-Efficient Guided Image Filtering for Multi-label Problem.
hardware-efficient guided image filtering	multi-label problem
Deep End2End Voxel2Voxel Prediction.
deep end2end voxel2voxel prediction
Self-Learning Scene-Specific Pedestrian Detectors Using a Progressive Latent Model.
self-learning scene-specific pedestrian detectors	progressive latent model
Cloud Motion as a Calibration Cue.
calibration cue	cloud motion
Focal Pre-Correction of Projected Image for Deblurring Screen Image.
deblurring screen image	projected image	focal pre-correction
Reflectance Adaptive Filtering Improves Intrinsic Image Estimation.
reflectance adaptive filtering improves intrinsic image estimation
Exploiting side information in locality preserving projection.
exploiting side information	locality preserving projection
Computationally Efficient Regression on a Dependency Graph for Human Pose Estimation.
human pose estimation	computationally efficient regression	dependency graph
From Bows to Arrows: Rolling Shutter Rectification of Urban Scenes.
rolling shutter rectification	urban scenes
Projection defocus correction using adaptive kernel sampling and geometric correction in dual-planar environments.
adaptive kernel sampling	projection defocus correction	geometric correction	dual-planar environments
Real-time 3D segmentation of the left ventricle using deformable subdivision surfaces.
real-time 3d segmentation	deformable subdivision surfaces	left ventricle
Product Sparse Coding.
product sparse coding
TenSR: Multi-dimensional Tensor Sparse Representation.
multi-dimensional tensor sparse representation
Semantic texton forests for image categorization and segmentation.
semantic texton forests	image categorization
Automatically detecting action units from faces of pain: Comparing shape and appearance features.
automatically detecting action units	comparing shape	appearance features
Geodesic flow kernel for unsupervised domain adaptation.
unsupervised domain adaptation	geodesic flow kernel
Indoor Scene Parsing with Instance Segmentation, Semantic Labeling and Support Relationship Inference.
indoor scene parsing	support relationship inference	semantic labeling	instance segmentation
Duplicate Discovery on 2 Billion Internet Images.
2 billion internet images	duplicate discovery
Extracting spatially and spectrally coherent regions from multispectral images.
spectrally coherent regions	extracting spatially	multispectral images
Cross-view activity recognition using Hankelets.
cross-view activity recognition
Regularizing 3D medial axis using medial scaffold transforms.
regularizing 3d medial axis	medial scaffold transforms
Binocular dance pose recognition and body orientation estimation via multilinear analysis.
binocular dance pose recognition	body orientation estimation	multilinear analysis
Efficient scale space auto-context for image segmentation and labeling.
efficient scale space auto-context	image segmentation
Volumetric and Multi-view CNNs for Object Classification on 3D Data.
multi-view cnns	3d data	object classification
Multi-class Video Co-segmentation with a Generative Multi-video Model.
multi-class video co-segmentation	generative multi-video model
Imbalanced RankBoost for efficiently ranking large-scale image/video collections.
efficiently ranking large-scale image/video collections	imbalanced rankboost
Object scene flow for autonomous vehicles.
object scene flow	autonomous vehicles
PCCA: A new approach for distance learning from sparse pairwise constraints.
sparse pairwise constraints	distance learning
Computing similarity transformations from only image correspondences.
computing similarity transformations	image correspondences
Precise Registration of 3D Models To Images by Swarming Particles.
3d models	precise registration	swarming particles
Implicit elastic matching with random projections for pose-variant face recognition.
pose-variant face recognition	implicit elastic matching	random projections
Proximal Riemannian Pursuit for Large-Scale Trace-Norm Minimization.
large-scale trace-norm minimization	proximal riemannian pursuit
Building and using a semantivisual image hierarchy.
semantivisual image hierarchy
Combining Bottom-Up, Top-Down, and Smoothness Cues for Weakly Supervised Image Segmentation.
weakly supervised image segmentation	combining bottom-	smoothness cues
Keypoint induced distance profiles for visual recognition.
keypoint induced distance profiles	visual recognition
Automatic visual mimicry expression analysis in interpersonal interaction.
automatic visual mimicry expression analysis	interpersonal interaction
A linear approach to motion estimation using generalized camera models.
generalized camera models	motion estimation	linear approach
Topology-adaptive multi-view photometric stereo.
topology-adaptive multi-view photometric stereo
WSISA: Making Survival Prediction from Whole Slide Histopathological Images.
making survival prediction	slide histopathological images
Axially Symmetric 3D Pots Configuration System Using Axis of Symmetry and Break Curve.
axially symmetric 3d pots configuration system	break curve
Fast and Accurate Registration of Structured Point Clouds with Small Overlaps.
structured point clouds	accurate registration	small overlaps
Evaluating combinational color constancy methods on real-world images.
evaluating combinational color constancy methods	real-world images
Home Interior Classification using SIFT Keypoint Histograms.
sift keypoint histograms	home interior classification
Full Flow: Optical Flow Estimation By Global Optimization over Regular Grids.
optical flow estimation	full flow	regular grids	global optimization
Fast Image Super-Resolution Based on In-Place Example Regression.
fast image super-resolution based
Multiple Structured-Instance Learning for Semantic Segmentation with Uncertain Training Data.
uncertain training data	multiple structured-instance learning	semantic segmentation
Automatic discovery of meaningful object parts with latent CRFs.
meaningful object parts	automatic discovery	latent crfs
Fast bilateral-space stereo for synthetic defocus.
fast bilateral-space stereo	synthetic defocus
Self-tuned deep super resolution.
self-tuned deep super resolution
A joint appearance-spatial distance for kernel-based image categorization.
kernel-based image categorization	joint appearance-spatial distance
Image Style Transfer Using Convolutional Neural Networks.
image style transfer	convolutional neural networks
A probabilistic framework for joint segmentation and tracking.
joint segmentation	probabilistic framework
PARAPH: Presentation Attack Rejection by Analyzing Polarization Hypotheses.
presentation attack rejection	analyzing polarization hypotheses
Fast Terrain Classification Using Variable-Length Representation for Autonomous Navigation.
fast terrain classification	autonomous navigation	variable-length representation
Ego-Motion Estimation on Range Images Using High-Order Polynomial Expansion.
high-order polynomial expansion	ego-motion estimation	range images
Unifying Spatial and Attribute Selection for Distracter-Resilient Tracking.
attribute selection	distracter-resilient tracking	unifying spatial
POOF: Part-Based One-vs.-One Features for Fine-Grained Categorization, Face Verification, and Attribute Estimation.
face verification	attribute estimation	fine-grained categorization	part-based one-
Efficient MRF Deformation Model for Non-Rigid Image Matching.
efficient mrf deformation model	non-rigid image matching
Action recognition with motion-appearance vocabulary forest.
motion-appearance vocabulary forest	action recognition
Online Object Tracking: A Benchmark.
online object tracking
Earth mover's prototypes: A convex learning approach for discovering activity patterns in dynamic scenes.
discovering activity patterns	convex learning approach	earth mover	dynamic scenes
Influence of numerical conditioning on the accuracy of relative orientation.
relative orientation	numerical conditioning
Increasing depth resolution of electron microscopy of neural circuits using sparse tomographic reconstruction.
increasing depth resolution	sparse tomographic reconstruction	electron microscopy	neural circuits
Multi-cue Zero-Shot Learning with Strong Supervision.
multi-cue zero-shot learning	strong supervision
Layer Depth Denoising and Completion for Structured-Light RGB-D Cameras.
layer depth denoising	structured-light rgb-
A Sequential Classifier for Hand Detection in the Framework of Egocentric Vision.
hand detection	sequential classifier	egocentric vision
What has my classifier learned? Visualizing the classification rules of bag-of-feature model by support region detection.
support region detection	classification rules	bag-of-feature model	classifier learned
The treasure beneath convolutional layers: Cross-convolutional-layer pooling for image classification.
treasure beneath convolutional layers	cross-convolutional-layer pooling	image classification
Beat the MTurkers: Automatic Image Labeling from Weak 3D Supervision.
automatic image labeling	weak 3d supervision
Capturing Complex Spatio-temporal Relations among Facial Muscles for Facial Expression Recognition.
capturing complex spatio-temporal relations	facial expression recognition	facial muscles
Robocodes: Towards Generative Street Addresses from Satellite Imagery.
generative street addresses	satellite imagery
Temporal causality for the analysis of visual events.
visual events	temporal causality
The inverted multi-index.
inverted multi-index
Tracklet Association with Online Target-Specific Metric Learning.
online target-specific metric learning	tracklet association
A Primal-Dual Algorithm for Higher-Order Multilabel Markov Random Fields.
higher-order multilabel markov random fields	primal-dual algorithm
A General Framework for Curve and Surface Comparison and Registration with Oriented Varifolds.
general framework	surface comparison	oriented varifolds
Fast External Denoising Using Pre-Learned Transformations.
fast external denoising	pre-learned transformations
AMVH: Asymmetric Multi-Valued hashing.
asymmetric multi-valued hashing
MKPLS: Manifold Kernel Partial Least Squares for Lipreading and Speaker Identification.
manifold kernel partial	speaker identification
NTIRE 2017 Challenge on Single Image Super-Resolution: Methods and Results.
single image super-resolution	ntire 2017 challenge
Adopting an unconstrained ray model in light-field cameras for 3D shape reconstruction.
3d shape reconstruction	unconstrained ray model	light-field cameras
Detect, Replace, Refine: Deep Structured Prediction for Pixel Wise Labeling.
deep structured prediction	pixel wise labeling
Mobile Device Based Outdoor Navigation with On-Line Learning Neural Network: A Comparison with Convolutional Neural Network.
mobile device based outdoor navigation	on-line learning neural network	convolutional neural network
On the appearance of translucent edges.
translucent edges
Finding action tubes.
finding action tubes
Semantically Consistent Regularization for Zero-Shot Recognition.
semantically consistent regularization	zero-shot recognition
Understanding tools: Task-oriented object modeling, learning and recognition.
task-oriented object modeling	understanding tools
SURFing the point clouds: Selective 3D spatial pyramids for category-level object recognition.
selective 3d spatial pyramids	category-level object recognition	point clouds
The Sightfield: Visualizing Computer Vision, and Seeing Its Capacity to "See".
visualizing computer vision
Activity recognition using dynamic subspace angles.
dynamic subspace angles	activity recognition
A Compensation Method of Motion Features with Regression for Deficient Depth Image.
deficient depth image	compensation method	motion features
A novel locally linear KNN model for visual recognition.
locally linear knn model	visual recognition
Recognizing expressions from face and body gesture by temporal normalized motion and appearance features.
temporal normalized motion	appearance features	body gesture	recognizing expressions
Semi-supervised video segmentation using tree structured graphical models.
tree structured graphical models	semi-supervised video segmentation
Face recognition system using Extended Curvature Gabor classifier bunch for low-resolution face image.
extended curvature gabor classifier bunch	low-resolution face image	face recognition system
A New Protocol to Evaluate the Resistance of Template Update Systems against Zero-Effort Attacks.
template update systems	zero-effort attacks
3D shape reconstruction of Mooney faces.
3d shape reconstruction	mooney faces
Time and space efficient spectral clustering via column sampling.
space efficient spectral clustering	column sampling
Auxiliary Cuts for General Classes of Higher Order Functionals.
higher order functionals	auxiliary cuts	general classes
Inferring Temporal Order of Images From 3D Structure.
inferring temporal order	3d structure
Object recognition in 3D lidar data with recurrent neural network.
3d lidar data	recurrent neural network	object recognition
DL-SFA: Deeply-Learned Slow Feature Analysis for Action Recognition.
deeply-learned slow feature analysis	action recognition
Actions ~ Transformations.
actions ~ transformations
Robust multi-image based blind face hallucination.
robust multi-image based blind face hallucination
Block based texture analysis for iris classification and matching.
block based texture analysis	iris classification
Unsupervised Learning of Long-Term Motion Dynamics for Videos.
long-term motion dynamics	unsupervised learning
Large Displacement Optical Flow from Nearest Neighbor Fields.
large displacement optical flow	nearest neighbor fields
Model-Based Optimization of Testing through Reduction of Stimuli.
model-based optimization
Improved Deep Embedded Clustering with Local Structure Preservation.
improved deep embedded clustering	local structure preservation
Past IJCAI Conferences.
past ijcai conferences
Computing Equilibria in Multiplayer Stochastic Games of Imperfect Information.
multiplayer stochastic games	imperfect information	computing equilibria
Stacked Similarity-Aware Autoencoders.
stacked similarity-aware autoencoders
Functional Dependencies in MDD-Compiled Product Catalogues.
mdd-compiled product catalogues	functional dependencies
Incorporating Domain and Sentiment Supervision in Representation Learning for Domain Adaptation.
representation learning	incorporating domain	domain adaptation	sentiment supervision
Forgetting Concept and Role Symbols in ALCOIHµ+(∇, ⊓)-Ontologies.
role symbols	alcoihµ+	forgetting concept
Pushdown Multi-Agent System Verification.
pushdown multi-agent system verification
Efficient Computation of Jointree Bounds for Systematic MAP Search.
systematic map search	efficient computation	jointree bounds
SitNet: Discrete Similarity Transfer Network for Zero-shot Hashing.
discrete similarity transfer network	zero-shot hashing
The Ceteris Paribus Structure of Logics of Game Forms (Extended Abstract).
ceteris paribus structure	extended abstract	game forms
Mechanism Design with Partial Revelation.
partial revelation	mechanism design
Context-Specific and Multi-Prototype Character Representations.
multi-prototype character representations
On the Online Generation of Effective Macro-Operators.
online generation	effective macro-operators
Motor Simulation via Coupled Internal Models Using Sequential Monte Carlo.
coupled internal models	sequential monte carlo	motor simulation
Sampling with Minimum Sum of Squared Similarities for Nystrom-Based Large Scale Spectral Clustering.
nystrom-based large scale spectral clustering	squared similarities	minimum sum
Comprehensive Score: Towards Efficient Local Search for SAT with Long Clauses.
efficient local search	long clauses	comprehensive score
Information-Lookahead Planning for AUV Mapping.
information-lookahead planning	auv mapping
Pedestrians' Route Choice Model for Shopping Behavior.
route choice model	shopping behavior
Universal Reinforcement Learning Algorithms: Survey and Experiments.
universal reinforcement learning algorithms
Switched Linear Multi-Robot Navigation Using Hierarchical Model Predictive Control.
switched linear multi-robot navigation	hierarchical model predictive control
Multi-Task Deep Reinforcement Learning for Continuous Action Control.
multi-task deep reinforcement learning	continuous action control
Earth Mover's Distance Pooling over Siamese LSTMs for Automatic Short Answer Grading.
automatic short answer grading	earth mover	distance pooling	siamese lstms
Conditional and Sequential Approval Voting on Combinatorial Domains.
sequential approval voting	combinatorial domains
Acceptability Semantics for Weighted Argumentation Frameworks.
weighted argumentation frameworks	acceptability semantics
Bonus or Not? Learn to Reward in Crowdsourcing.
bonus
Predicting the Quality of Short Narratives from Social Media.
social media	short narratives
Arc Consistency during Search.
arc consistency
Computer Games - Workshop on Computer Games, CGW 2013, Held in Conjunction with the 23rd International Conference on Artificial Intelligence, IJCAI 2013, Beijing, China, August 3, 2013, Revised Selected Papers
23rd international conference	revised selected papers	computer games	artificial intelligence
A Scalable Approach to Column-Based Low-Rank Matrix Approximation.
column-based low-rank matrix approximation	scalable approach
Approximation Algorithms for Max-Sum-Product Problems.
approximation algorithms	max-sum-product problems
The Off-Switch Game.
off-switch game
When Security Games Go Green: Designing Defender Strategies to Prevent Poaching and Illegal Fishing.
designing defender strategies	illegal fishing	security games	prevent poaching
Collaborative Rating Allocation.
collaborative rating allocation
Machine learning for interactive systems and robots: a brief introduction.
interactive systems	machine learning
Statistical Relational Learning Towards Modelling Social Media Users.
modelling social media users	statistical relational learning
A Branch-and-Price Algorithm for Scheduling Observations on a Telescope.
scheduling observations	branch-and-price algorithm
Nonconvex Relaxation Approaches to Robust Matrix Recovery.
nonconvex relaxation approaches	robust matrix recovery
Pay Me and I'll Follow You: Detection of Crowdturfing Following Activities in Microblog Environment.
microblog environment	ll follow
Preserving Privacy in Region Optimal DCOP Algorithms.
region optimal dcop algorithms	preserving privacy
Learning and Transferring Action Schemas.
transferring action schemas
Multiple Medoids based Multi-view Relational Fuzzy Clustering with Minimax Optimization.
multiple medoids based multi-view relational fuzzy clustering	minimax optimization
Program Committee.
program committee
Scalable Multiagent Planning Using Probabilistic Inference.
scalable multiagent planning	probabilistic inference
Generalized Relational Topic Models with Data Augmentation.
generalized relational topic models	data augmentation
Super-Human AI for Strategic Reasoning: Beating Top Pros in Heads-Up No-Limit Texas Hold'em.
no-limit texas hold	beating top pros	strategic reasoning	super-human ai
Discriminative Reordering Model Adaptation via Structural Learning.
discriminative reordering model adaptation	structural learning
On the Entailment Problem for a Logic of Typicality.
entailment problem
SMILES: Twitter Emotion Classification using Domain.
twitter emotion classification
Tag-Aware Personalized Recommendation Using a Hybrid Deep Model.
tag-aware personalized recommendation	hybrid deep model
Online Graph Planarisation for Synchronous Parsing of Semantic and Syntactic Dependencies.
online graph planarisation	synchronous parsing	syntactic dependencies
Audience-Based Uncertainty in Abstract Argument Games.
abstract argument games	audience-based uncertainty
Inverse Reinforcement Learning in Partially Observable Environments.
partially observable environments	inverse reinforcement learning
Time Decomposition for Diagnosis of Discrete Event Systems (Extended Abstract).
discrete event systems	extended abstract	time decomposition
Enhancing Crowdworkers' Vigilance.
enhancing crowdworkers
Towards the Design of Robust Trust and Reputation Systems.
reputation systems	robust trust
Automatic Assessment of Absolute Sentence Complexity.
absolute sentence complexity	automatic assessment
PC-DPOP: A New Partial Centralization Algorithm for Distributed Optimization.
partial centralization algorithm	distributed optimization
Exploiting Short Supports for Generalised Arc Consistency for Arbitrary Constraints.
generalised arc consistency	exploiting short supports	arbitrary constraints
Topic Modeling with Document Relative Similarities.
document relative similarities	topic modeling
Incremental Mechanism Design.
incremental mechanism design
Discriminative Bayesian Nonparametric Clustering.
discriminative bayesian nonparametric clustering
Evaluating Epistemic Negation in Answer Set Programming (Extended Abstract).
evaluating epistemic negation	answer set programming	extended abstract
CFNN: Correlation Filter Neural Network for Visual Object Tracking.
correlation filter neural network	visual object tracking
Correlation Clustering for Crosslingual Link Detection.
crosslingual link detection	correlation clustering
Learning to Rap Battle with Bilingual Recursive Neural Networks.
bilingual recursive neural networks	rap battle
Unweighted Coalitional Manipulation under the Borda Rule Is NP-Hard.
unweighted coalitional manipulation	borda rule
Tractable Queries for Lightweight Description Logics.
lightweight description logics	tractable queries
Bias in Algorithm Portfolio Performance Evaluation.
algorithm portfolio performance evaluation
Multi-Dimensional Single-Peaked Consistency and Its Approximations.
multi-dimensional single-peaked consistency
Composition of ConGolog Programs.
congolog programs
K-Swaps: Cooperative Negotiation for Solving Task-Allocation Problems.
solving task-allocation problems	cooperative negotiation
CoBots: Robust Symbiotic Autonomous Mobile Service Robots.
robust symbiotic autonomous mobile service robots
Learning Topical Translation Model for Microblog Hashtag Suggestion.
learning topical translation model	microblog hashtag suggestion
Distributed Breakout: Beyond Satisfaction.
distributed breakout
Towards a Knowledge Compilation Map for Heterogeneous Representation Languages.
knowledge compilation map	heterogeneous representation languages
Challenges and Progress on Using Large Lossy Endgame Databases in Chinese Checkers.
large lossy endgame databases	chinese checkers
Locally Linear Factorization Machines.
locally linear factorization machines
Hierarchical Task Network Planning with Task Insertion and State Constraints.
hierarchical task network planning	task insertion	state constraints
Deep Ordinal Regression Based on Data Relationship for Small Datasets.
deep ordinal regression based	data relationship	small datasets
Considerate Equilibrium.
considerate equilibrium
A Pseudo-Polynomial Algorithm for Computing Power Indices in Graph-Restricted Weighted Voting Games.
graph-restricted weighted voting games	computing power indices	pseudo-polynomial algorithm
Forgetting for Answer Set Programs Revisited.
answer set programs revisited
Strategically knowing how.
strategically knowing
On Computing Minimal Correction Subsets.
computing minimal correction subsets
Robust Constraint Satisfaction and Local Hidden Variables in Quantum Mechanics.
local hidden variables	robust constraint satisfaction	quantum mechanics
Permanents, Transport Polytopes and Positive Definite Kernels on Histograms.
positive definite kernels	transport polytopes
Lifelong Learning for Acquiring the Wisdom of the Crowd.
lifelong learning
GUNSAT: A Greedy Local Search Algorithm for Unsatisfiability.
greedy local search algorithm
Deep-Deep Neural Network Language Models for Predicting Mild Cognitive Impairment.
deep-deep neural network language models	predicting mild cognitive impairment
Handling non-local dead-ends in Agent Planning Programs.
handling non-local dead-ends	agent planning programs
Cold-Start Solution for Entity Shop Recommender Systems using Online Sales Records.
entity shop recommender systems	online sales records	cold-start solution
Adaptation of a Mixture of Multivariate Bernoulli Distributions.
multivariate bernoulli distributions
Deep, Convolutional, and Recurrent Models for Human Activity Recognition Using Wearables.
human activity recognition	recurrent models
Euler Clustering.
euler clustering
Optimal Pricing for Improving Efficiency of Taxi Systems.
improving efficiency	taxi systems	optimal pricing
Semi-Supervised Learning for Integration of Aerosol Predictions from Multiple Satellite Instruments.
multiple satellite instruments	semi-supervised learning	aerosol predictions
Storage Fit Learning with Unlabeled Data.
storage fit learning	unlabeled data
Exponential Family Hybrid Semi-Supervised Learning.
exponential family hybrid semi-supervised learning
Probit Classifiers with a Generalized Gaussian Scale Mixture Prior.
generalized gaussian scale mixture prior	probit classifiers
Speeding Up Automatic Hyperparameter Optimization of Deep Neural Networks by Extrapolation of Learning Curves.
deep neural networks	automatic hyperparameter optimization	learning curves
PPSGen: Learning to Generate Presentation Slides for Academic Papers.
generate presentation slides	academic papers
Iterative Learning of Parallel Lexicons and Phrases from Non-Parallel Corpora.
parallel lexicons	iterative learning	non-parallel corpora
Property Persistence in the Situation Calculus.
situation calculus	property persistence
An Ambiguity Aversion Framework of Security Games under Ambiguities.
ambiguity aversion framework	security games
Learning 3D Geological Structure from Drill-Rig Sensors for Automated Mining.
learning 3d geological structure	automated mining	drill-rig sensors
Using Trust Networks to Improve Data Quality and Recommendations.
improve data quality	trust networks
Interpolative Reasoning with Default Rules.
interpolative reasoning	default rules
DL-LITER in the Light of Propositional Logic for Decentralized Data Management.
decentralized data management	propositional logic
Realising Deterministic Behavior from Multiple Non-Deterministic Behaviors.
multiple non-deterministic behaviors	realising deterministic behavior
Trust Based Recommender System for Semantic Web.
trust based recommender system	semantic web
Thinking of Images as What They Are: Compound Matrix Regression for Image Classification.
compound matrix regression	image classification
Planning for Gene Regulatory Network Intervention.
gene regulatory network intervention
Activity Recognition: Linking Low-level Sensors to High-level Intelligence.
linking low-level sensors	activity recognition	high-level intelligence
Planning with Task-Oriented Knowledge Acquisition for a Service Robot.
task-oriented knowledge acquisition	service robot
Sparse Probabilistic Matrix Factorization by Laplace Distribution for Collaborative Filtering.
sparse probabilistic matrix factorization	laplace distribution	collaborative filtering
Multi-Class Classifiers and their Underlying Shared Structure.
underlying shared structure	multi-class classifiers
Fixpoints in Temporal Description Logics.
temporal description logics
Exploiting Trust Information to Cope with Malicious Entities in Multi-Agent Systems.
exploiting trust information	multi-agent systems	malicious entities
Calculating Cooking Recipe's Difficulty based on Cooking Activities.
calculating cooking recipe	cooking activities	difficulty based
Online Agent Supervision in the Situation Calculus.
online agent supervision	situation calculus
Undecidability in Epistemic Planning.
epistemic planning
New Metrics and Algorithms for Stochastic Goal Recognition Design Problems.
stochastic goal recognition design problems
An Exact Algorithm for Computing the Same-Decision Probability.
same-decision probability	exact algorithm
Sorting Sequential Portfolios in Automated Planning.
sorting sequential portfolios	automated planning
Enriching Wikipedia Vandalism Taxonomy via Subclass Discovery.
enriching wikipedia vandalism taxonomy	subclass discovery
Combining Knowledge with Deep Convolutional Neural Networks for Short Text Classification.
deep convolutional neural networks	short text classification	combining knowledge
Multi-Robot Exploration with Communication Restrictions.
multi-robot exploration	communication restrictions
Answer Extraction from Passage Graph for Question Answering.
passage graph	answer extraction	question answering
Efficient Incremental Search for Moving Target Search.
moving target search	efficient incremental search
Large-Scale Taxonomy Mapping for Restructuring and Integrating Wikipedia.
large-scale taxonomy mapping	integrating wikipedia
Positive unlabeled learning via wrapper-based adaptive sampling.
positive unlabeled learning	wrapper-based adaptive sampling
Using A* for Inference in Probabilistic Classifier Chains.
probabilistic classifier chains
MRLR: Multi-level Representation Learning for Personalized Ranking in Recommendation.
multi-level representation learning	personalized ranking
Personalized Mathematical Word Problem Generation.
personalized mathematical word problem generation
Optimally Protecting Elections.
optimally protecting elections
Diagnosability of Discrete-Event Systems with Uncertain Observations.
uncertain observations	discrete-event systems
First-Order Rewritability of Temporal Ontology-Mediated Queries.
temporal ontology-mediated queries	first-order rewritability
Activity Recognition with Intended Actions.
activity recognition	intended actions
Minimum Proof Graphs and Fastest-Cut-First Search Heuristics.
minimum proof graphs	search heuristics
Basket-Sensitive Personalized Item Recommendation.
basket-sensitive personalized item recommendation
Iterated Boolean Games.
iterated boolean games
Multi-Label Classification Using Conditional Dependency Networks.
conditional dependency networks	multi-label classification
On the challenges of balancing privacy and utility of open health data.
open health data	balancing privacy
Music Recommenders: User Evaluation Without Real Users?
music recommenders	real users	user evaluation
Online Fair Division Redux.
online fair division redux
Practical 3D Tracking Using Low-Cost Cameras.
practical 3d tracking	low-cost cameras
Automated Theorem Proving for General Game Playing.
general game playing	automated theorem proving
Greedy Structure Search for Sum-Product Networks.
greedy structure search	sum-product networks
Mechanism Design for Dynamic Environments: Online Double Auctions.
online double auctions	dynamic environments	mechanism design
Evaluation of Group Profiling Strategies.
group profiling strategies
Imaging Time-Series to Improve Classification and Imputation.
imaging time-series	improve classification
Stable Biclustering of Gene Expression Data with Nonnegative Matrix Factorizations.
nonnegative matrix factorizations	gene expression data	stable biclustering
l2, 1-Norm Regularized Discriminative Feature Selection for Unsupervised Learning.
1-norm regularized discriminative feature selection	unsupervised learning
The Design of ESSENCE: A Constraint Language for Specifying Combinatorial Problems.
constraint language	combinatorial problems
Context Attentive Bandits: Contextual Bandit with Restricted Context.
context attentive bandits	restricted context	contextual bandit
Instance-Wise Weighted Nonnegative Matrix Factorization for Aggregating Partitions with Locally Reliable Clusters.
instance-wise weighted nonnegative matrix factorization	locally reliable clusters	aggregating partitions
CCEHC: An Efficient Local Search Algorithm for Weighted Partial Maximum Satisfiability (Extended Abstract).
weighted partial maximum satisfiability	efficient local search algorithm	extended abstract
Consequence-Driven Reasoning for Horn SHIQ Ontologies.
horn shiq ontologies	consequence-driven reasoning
Relations Between Spatial Calculi About Directions and Orientations (Extended Abstract).
spatial calculi	extended abstract
Inference and Learning for Probabilistic Description Logics.
probabilistic description logics
Model-Based Deep Hand Pose Estimation.
model-based deep hand pose estimation
Compressed Nonparametric Language Modelling.
compressed nonparametric language modelling
Well-founded Paraconsistent Semantics for Hybrid Theories composed of Rules and Ontologies.
hybrid theories composed	well-founded paraconsistent semantics
Subset Selection via Implicit Utilitarian Voting.
implicit utilitarian voting	subset selection
A Primitive Based Generative Model to Infer Timing Information in Unpartitioned Handwriting Data.
primitive based generative model	infer timing information	unpartitioned handwriting data
StalemateBreaker: A Proactive Content-Introducing Approach to Automatic Human-Computer Conversation.
automatic human-computer conversation	proactive content-introducing approach
Multi-View K-Means Clustering on Big Data.
multi-view k-means clustering	big data
Video Covariance Matrix Logarithm for Human Action Recognition in Videos.
video covariance matrix logarithm	human action recognition
Discriminative Log-Euclidean Feature Learning for Sparse Representation-Based Recognition of Faces from Videos.
discriminative log-euclidean feature learning	sparse representation-based recognition
Knowledge Driven Dimension Reduction for Clustering.
knowledge driven dimension reduction
Topological Order Planner for POMDPs.
topological order planner
Learning Possibilistic Logic Theories from Default Rules.
learning possibilistic logic theories	default rules
Building Hierarchies of Concepts via Crowdsourcing.
building hierarchies
IJCAI-07 Reviewers.
ijcai-07 reviewers
Object Recognition Based on Visual Grammars and Bayesian Networks.
object recognition based	bayesian networks	visual grammars
Learning for Deep Language Understanding.
deep language understanding
News Across Languages - Cross-Lingual Document Similarity and Event Tracking (Extended Abstract).
cross-lingual document similarity	extended abstract	event tracking
Towards Industrial-Like Random SAT Instances.
random sat instances
On Structural Properties of MDPs that Bound Loss Due to Shallow Planning.
bound loss due	structural properties	shallow planning
The Complexity of Learning Acyclic CP-Nets.
learning acyclic cp-nets
Routing Mediators.
routing mediators
Is It Enough to Get the Behavior Right?
behavior
Morphological Annotation of a Large Spontaneous Speech Corpus in Japanese.
large spontaneous speech corpus	morphological annotation
Automatic Generation of Grounded Visual Questions.
grounded visual questions	automatic generation
Group Decision Making via Probabilistic Belief Merging.
group decision making	probabilistic belief merging
Learning Restart Strategies.
learning restart strategies
Characterizing the NP-PSPACE Gap in the Satisfiability Problem for Modal Logic.
np-pspace gap	satisfiability problem	modal logic
Clustering Financial Time Series: How Long Is Enough?.
clustering financial time series
DRLnet: Deep Difference Representation Learning Network and An Unsupervised Optimization Framework.
deep difference representation learning network	unsupervised optimization framework
Database-Text Alignment via Structured Multilabel Classification.
structured multilabel classification	database-text alignment
Dynamic Weighting A* Search-Based MAP Algorithm for Bayesian Networks.
* search-based map algorithm	dynamic weighting	bayesian networks
A Symbolic Closed-Form Solution to Sequential Market Making with Inventory.
symbolic closed-form solution	sequential market making
Ontology-Based Introspection in Support of Stream Reasoning.
ontology-based introspection	stream reasoning
Consistency Checking of Basic Cardinal Constraints over Connected Regions.
basic cardinal constraints	consistency checking	connected regions
Game-Theoretic Question Selection for Tests.
game-theoretic question selection
Towards City-Scale Mobile Crowdsourcing: Task Recommendations under Trajectory Uncertainties.
city-scale mobile crowdsourcing	trajectory uncertainties	task recommendations
On State-Dominance Criteria in Fork-Decoupled Search.
fork-decoupled search	state-dominance criteria
Clustering-Based Relational Unsupervised Representation Learning with an Explicit Distributed Representation.
clustering-based relational unsupervised representation learning	explicit distributed representation
On Coalitional Manipulation for Multiwinner Elections: Shortlisting.
coalitional manipulation	multiwinner elections
Robust Advertisement Allocation.
robust advertisement allocation
A Cognitive Agent Model Incorporating Prior and Retrospective Ownership States for Actions.
cognitive agent model incorporating prior	retrospective ownership states
Revisiting Regression in Planning.
revisiting regression
On Structural Properties to Improve FMEA-Based Abductive Diagnosis.
improve fmea-based abductive diagnosis	structural properties
Towards More Practical Reinforcement Learning.
practical reinforcement learning
Hybrid Neural Networks for Learning the Trend in Time Series.
hybrid neural networks	time series
Negotiation Algorithms for Large Agreement Spaces.
large agreement spaces	negotiation algorithms
Scalable Diagnosability Checking of Event-Driven Systems.
scalable diagnosability checking	event-driven systems
Belief Base Rationalization for Propositional Merging.
belief base rationalization	propositional merging
A Structural Representation Learning for Multi-relational Networks.
structural representation learning	multi-relational networks
Beyond SPARQL under OWL 2 QL Entailment Regime: Rules to the Rescue.
owl 2 ql entailment regime
Human Action Recognition Using a Temporal Hierarchy of Covariance Descriptors on 3D Joint Locations.
human action recognition	3d joint locations	covariance descriptors	temporal hierarchy
Monitoring the Execution of Partial-Order Plans via Regression.
partial-order plans
Deep Matrix Factorization Models for Recommender Systems.
deep matrix factorization models	recommender systems
Online Multi-Object Tracking by Quadratic Pseudo-Boolean Optimization.
online multi-object tracking	quadratic pseudo-boolean optimization
Modeling Social Causality and Responsibility Judgment in Multi-Agent Interactions: Extended Abstract.
modeling social causality	responsibility judgment	multi-agent interactions	extended abstract
Implementation of Learning-Based Dynamic Demand Response on a Campus Micro-Grid.
learning-based dynamic demand response	campus micro-grid
Optimal Airline Ticket Purchasing Using Automated User-Guided Feature Selection.
optimal airline ticket purchasing	automated user-guided feature selection
Sequencing Operator Counts.
sequencing operator counts
Discriminative Semi-Supervised Feature Selection via Manifold Regularization.
discriminative semi-supervised feature selection	manifold regularization
Sensorimotor Models of Space and Object Geometry.
sensorimotor models	object geometry
Flexibility and Decoupling in the Simple Temporal Problem.
simple temporal problem
Probabilistic Inference in Hybrid Domains by Weighted Model Integration.
weighted model integration	hybrid domains	probabilistic inference
Expert Finding for Community-Based Question Answering via Ranking Metric Network Learning.
ranking metric network learning	community-based question answering	expert finding
The Complexity of Playing Durak.
playing durak
Catcher-Evader Games.
catcher-evader games
Transductive Optimization of Top k Precision.
transductive optimization
Embedding Semantic Relations into Word Representations.
embedding semantic relations	word representations
Using the Probabilistic Logic Programming Language P-log for Causal and Counterfactual Reasoning and Non-Naive Conditioning.
probabilistic logic programming language p-log	counterfactual reasoning	non-naive conditioning
SDD: A New Canonical Representation of Propositional Knowledge Bases.
propositional knowledge bases	canonical representation
Joint POS Tagging and Text Normalization for Informal Text.
joint pos tagging	informal text	text normalization
WISE: Web-based Interactive Speech Emotion Classification.
web-based interactive speech emotion classification
ReACTR: Realtime Algorithm Configuration through Tournament Rankings.
realtime algorithm configuration	tournament rankings
Active Imitation Learning of Hierarchical Policies.
active imitation learning	hierarchical policies
Multi-Agent Epistemic Explanatory Diagnosis via Reasoning about Actions.
multi-agent epistemic explanatory diagnosis
Reducing Accidental Complexity in Planning Problems.
reducing accidental complexity	planning problems
Obtaining High-Quality Label by Distinguishing between Easy and Hard Items in Crowdsourcing.
obtaining high-quality label	hard items
Proceedings of the 3rd Workshop on Ubiquitous Data Mining co-located with the 23rd International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI 2013), Beijing, China, August 3, 2013.
ubiquitous data mining co-located	23rd international joint conference	3rd workshop	artificial intelligence
Core Stability in Hedonic Games among Friends and Enemies: Impact of Neutrals.
core stability	hedonic games
Belief Change in a Preferential Non-monotonic Framework.
preferential non-monotonic framework	belief change
Graph-Based Semi-Supervised Learning as a Generative Model.
graph-based semi-supervised learning	generative model
ItemRank: A Random-Walk Based Scoring Algorithm for Recommender Engines.
random-walk based scoring algorithm	recommender engines
Extending Answer Set Programming using Generalized Possibilistic Logic.
extending answer set programming	generalized possibilistic logic
Modeling Bias Reduction Strategies in a Biased Agent.
modeling bias reduction strategies	biased agent
One Class per Named Entity: Exploiting Unlabeled Text for Named Entity Recognition.
exploiting unlabeled text	named entity recognition	named entity
Angle Principal Component Analysis.
angle principal component analysis
Rational-Based Visual Planning Monitors.
rational-based visual planning monitors
Optimal Network Security Hardening Using Attack Graph Games.
optimal network security hardening	attack graph games
Automating Human Inference.
automating human inference
Semantics-Aware Deep Correspondence Structure Learning for Robust Person Re-Identification.
semantics-aware deep correspondence structure learning	robust person re-identification
Demand Prediction and Placement Optimization for Electric Vehicle Charging Stations.
electric vehicle charging stations	demand prediction	placement optimization
On the Undecidability of the Situation Calculus Extended with Description Logic Ontologies.
situation calculus extended	description logic ontologies
Multiclass Probabilistic Kernel Discriminant Analysis.
multiclass probabilistic kernel discriminant analysis
Agent Design Consistency Checking via Planning.
agent design consistency checking
Action Selection for Hammer Shots in Curling.
action selection	hammer shots
Argumentative AI Director Using Defeasible Logic Programming.
defeasible logic programming	argumentative ai director
Automatic Construction of Efficient Multiple Battery Usage Policies.
efficient multiple battery usage policies	automatic construction
An Admissible Heuristic for SAS+ Planning Obtained from the State Equation.
sas+ planning obtained	state equation	admissible heuristic
Two-Valued Logic is Not Sufficient to Model Human Reasoning, but Three-Valued Logic is: A Formal Analysis.
model human reasoning	three-valued logic	two-valued logic	formal analysis
Preferential Query Answering over the Semantic Web with Possibilistic Networks.
preferential query answering	semantic web	possibilistic networks
The Markov Assumption: Formalization and Impact.
markov assumption
Proceedings of the IJCAI 2015 Joint Workshop on Constraints and Preferences for Configuration and Recommendation and Intelligent Techniques for Web Personalization co-located with the 24th International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI 2015), Buenos Aires, Argentina, July 27, 2015.
24th international joint conference	web personalization co-located	ijcai 2015 joint workshop	buenos aires	intelligent techniques	artificial intelligence
Preferential Semantics as the Basis for Defeasible Reasoning in Ontologies.
preferential semantics	defeasible reasoning
Towards Ontology Learning from Folksonomies.
ontology learning
Efficient Query Answering over Expressive Inconsistent Description Logics.
expressive inconsistent description logics	efficient query answering
A Unifying Framework for Learning Bag Labels from Generalized Multiple-Instance Data.
generalized multiple-instance data	learning bag labels	unifying framework
LTLf and LDLf Synthesis under Partial Observability.
ldlf synthesis	partial observability
Neurogenesis-Inspired Dictionary Learning: Online Model Adaption in a Changing World.
online model adaption	neurogenesis-inspired dictionary learning	changing world
Transfer Learning to Predict Missing Ratings via Heterogeneous User Feedbacks.
predict missing ratings	heterogeneous user feedbacks	transfer learning
Near-Feasible Stable Matchings with Budget Constraints.
near-feasible stable matchings	budget constraints
Understanding Users' Budgets for Recommendation with Hierarchical Poisson Factorization.
hierarchical poisson factorization	understanding users
Online Stochastic Optimization in the Large: Application to Kidney Exchange.
online stochastic optimization	kidney exchange
Sequential Halving for Partially Observable Games.
partially observable games	sequential halving
Automated Geometry Theorem Proving for Human-Readable Proofs.
automated geometry theorem proving	human-readable proofs
Techniques for Efficient Interactive Configuration of Distribution Networks.
efficient interactive configuration	distribution networks
Estimating the Probability of Meeting a Deadline in Hierarchical Plans.
hierarchical plans
Paraconsistent Relational Model: A Quasi-Classic Logic Approach.
paraconsistent relational model	quasi-classic logic approach
Behavior Composition Optimization.
behavior composition optimization
Unsupervised Lexicon Acquisition for HPSG-Based Relation Extraction.
unsupervised lexicon acquisition	hpsg-based relation extraction
From Classical to Consistent Query Answering under Existential Rules.
consistent query answering	existential rules
Computational Aspects of Analyzing Social Network Dynamics.
analyzing social network dynamics	computational aspects
Recursive Decomposition for Nonconvex Optimization - IJCAI-15 Distinguished Paper.
ijcai-15 distinguished paper	nonconvex optimization	recursive decomposition
Exploring the Context of Locations for Personalized Location Recommendations.
personalized location recommendations
Landmark-Based Heuristics and Search Control for Automated Planning (Extended Abstract).
extended abstract	landmark-based heuristics	search control	automated planning
Model Metric Co-Learning for Time Series Classification.
time series classification	model metric co-learning
Cross-Granularity Graph Inference for Semantic Video Object Segmentation.
semantic video object segmentation	cross-granularity graph inference
Open knowledge for human-robot interaction.
open knowledge	human-robot interaction
Decoupled Strong Stubborn Sets.
decoupled strong stubborn sets
An ASP Semantics for Default Reasoning with Constraints.
asp semantics	default reasoning
A Bargaining Mechanism for One-Way Games.
bargaining mechanism
Plan Recognition in Virtual Laboratories.
virtual laboratories	plan recognition
Parallel Behavior Composition for Manufacturing.
parallel behavior composition
Semi-Supervised Multi-Label Learning with Incomplete Labels.
semi-supervised multi-label learning	incomplete labels
Direct Policy Iteration with Demonstrations.
direct policy iteration
A Trust-based Mixture of Gaussian Processes Model for Reliable Regression in Participatory Sensing.
gaussian processes model	reliable regression	trust-based mixture	participatory sensing
On the Power and Limitations of Deception in Multi-Robot Adversarial Patrolling.
multi-robot adversarial patrolling
Sequential Plan Recognition.
sequential plan recognition
On First-Order Definability and Computability of Progression for Local-Effect Actions and Beyond.
local-effect actions	first-order definability
Accelerating Best Response Calculation in Large Extensive Games.
large extensive games	response calculation
Privacy and Autonomous Systems.
autonomous systems
Optimal Route Search with the Coverage of Users' Preferences.
optimal route search
Integrating Syntactic and Semantic Analysis into the Open Information Extraction Paradigm.
open information extraction paradigm	semantic analysis	integrating syntactic
Description Logics with Approximate Definitions - Precise Modeling of Vague Concepts.
vague concepts	approximate definitions	precise modeling	description logics
Histogram of Oriented Displacements (HOD): Describing Trajectories of Human Joints for Action Recognition.
oriented displacements	human joints	action recognition	describing trajectories
Enhancing the Unified Features to Locate Buggy Files by Exploiting the Sequential Nature of Source Code.
locate buggy files	source code	sequential nature	unified features
A semantic approach to retrieving, linking, and integrating heterogeneous geospatial data.
integrating heterogeneous geospatial data	semantic approach
Active Evaluation of Ranking Functions Based on Graded Relevance (Extended Abstract).
ranking functions based	extended abstract	active evaluation	graded relevance
Generating Bayes-Nash Equilibria to Design Autonomous Trading Agents.
design autonomous trading agents	generating bayes-nash equilibria
Democratizing mobile app development for disaster management.
democratizing mobile app development	disaster management
Past IJCAI Conferences.
past ijcai conferences
Web of Data Evolution by Exploiting Agent Based-Argumentation.
exploiting agent based-argumentation	data evolution
A Hybrid Neural Model for Type Classification of Entity Mentions.
hybrid neural model	type classification	entity mentions
Static Symmetry Breaking with the Reflex Ordering.
static symmetry breaking	reflex ordering
Interactive Martingale Boosting.
interactive martingale boosting
Possible and Necessary Allocations via Sequential Mechanisms.
sequential mechanisms
Ranking Alternatives on the Basis of Generic Constraints and Examples - A Possibilistic Approach.
possibilistic approach	generic constraints	ranking alternatives
The Multi-Feature Information Bottleneck with Application to Unsupervised Image Categorization.
multi-feature information bottleneck	unsupervised image categorization
EigenNet: Towards Fast and Structural Learning of Deep Neural Networks.
deep neural networks	structural learning
Circuit Complexity and Decompositions of Global Constraints.
global constraints	circuit complexity
Expressive Logical Combinators for Free.
expressive logical combinators
Extracting Propositional Rules from Feed-forward Neural Networks - A New Decompositional Approach.
extracting propositional rules	feed-forward neural networks	decompositional approach
Name Nationality Classification with Recurrent Neural Networks.
recurrent neural networks	nationality classification
A Framework for Long-Term Learning Systems.
long-term learning systems
Multi-issue Negotiation Protocol for Agents: Exploring Nonlinear Utility Spaces.
exploring nonlinear utility spaces	multi-issue negotiation protocol
Constructive Preference Elicitation by Setwise Max-Margin Learning.
constructive preference elicitation	setwise max-margin learning
Classification of Emerging Extreme Event Tracks in Multivariate Spatio-Temporal Physical Systems Using Dynamic Network Structures: Application to Hurricane Track Prediction.
emerging extreme event tracks	multivariate spatio-temporal physical systems	hurricane track prediction	dynamic network structures
Cross Lingual Entity Linking with Bilingual Topic Model.
cross lingual entity linking	bilingual topic model
Dynamic Taxi and Ridesharing: A Framework and Heuristics for the Optimization Problem.
dynamic taxi	optimization problem
Connecting Qualitative Spatial and Temporal Representations by Propositional Closure.
connecting qualitative spatial	temporal representations	propositional closure
Fast Algorithm for Affinity Propagation.
affinity propagation	fast algorithm
Mining Longitudinal Network for Predicting Company Value.
mining longitudinal network	predicting company
A Mechanism for Dynamic Ride Sharing Based on Parallel Auctions.
dynamic ride sharing based	parallel auctions
Saul: Towards Declarative Learning Based Programming.
declarative learning based programming
Updates for Nonlinear Discriminants.
nonlinear discriminants
Semi-Supervised Learning for Imbalanced Sentiment Classification.
imbalanced sentiment classification	semi-supervised learning
Contract Design for Energy Demand Response.
energy demand response	contract design
Hashtag Recommendation Using Attention-Based Convolutional Neural Network.
attention-based convolutional neural network	hashtag recommendation
Smooth UCT Search in Computer Poker.
smooth uct search	computer poker
Batch-Switching Policy Iteration.
batch-switching policy iteration
OntoBacen: A Modular Ontology for Risk Management in the Brazilian Financial System.
brazilian financial system	modular ontology	risk management
Finding a Lattice of Needles in a Haystack: Forming a Query from a Set of Items of Interest.
set
Long-Distance Mutual Exclusion for Propositional Planning.
long-distance mutual exclusion	propositional planning
Strong Inconsistency in Nonmonotonic Reasoning.
strong inconsistency	nonmonotonic reasoning
Evaluating Market User Interfaces for Electric Vehicle Charging using Bid2Charge.
evaluating market user interfaces	electric vehicle charging
Building Time-Affordable Cultural Ontologies Using an Emic Approach.
building time-affordable cultural ontologies	emic approach
Verifying Existence of Resource-Bounded Coalition Uniform Strategies.
resource-bounded coalition uniform strategies	verifying existence
A General MCMC Method for Bayesian Inference in Logic-Based Probabilistic Modeling.
general mcmc method	logic-based probabilistic modeling	bayesian inference
Semantic Analysis for Crowded Scenes Based on Non-Parametric Tracklet Clustering.
non-parametric tracklet clustering	crowded scenes based	semantic analysis
Improving Question Retrieval in Community Question Answering Using World Knowledge.
community question answering	improving question retrieval	world knowledge
Arbitrary Announcements in Propositional Belief Revision.
propositional belief revision	arbitrary announcements
Learning Social Affordance for Human-Robot Interaction.
learning social affordance	human-robot interaction
Autoencoder Regularized Network For Driving Style Representation Learning.
driving style representation learning	autoencoder regularized network
Finding Prototypes of Answers for Improving Answer Sentence Selection.
improving answer sentence selection	finding prototypes
Learning to Explain Entity Relationships by Pairwise Ranking with Convolutional Neural Networks.
explain entity relationships	convolutional neural networks	pairwise ranking
Canonical Orderings on Grids.
canonical orderings
kLog: A Language for Logical and Relational Learning with Kernels (Extended Abstract).
extended abstract	relational learning
Solving Strong-Fault Diagnostic Models by Model Relaxation.
solving strong-fault diagnostic models	model relaxation
Online Learning and Exploiting Relational Models in Reinforcement Learning.
exploiting relational models	online learning	reinforcement learning
Urban Water Quality Prediction Based on Multi-Task Multi-View Learning.
urban water quality prediction based	multi-task multi-view learning
Solving Stochastic Boolean Satisfiability under Random-Exist Quantification.
solving stochastic boolean satisfiability	random-exist quantification
Machine Learning Techniques for MultiAgent Systems.
machine learning techniques	multiagent systems
Sense Beauty by Label Distribution Learning.
label distribution learning	sense beauty
Multiple Kernel Clustering Framework with Improved Kernels.
multiple kernel clustering framework	improved kernels
Learning Mahalanobis Distance Metric: Considering Instance Disturbance Helps.
learning mahalanobis distance metric	instance disturbance helps
Projection, Inference, and Consistency.
inference
Why Can't You Convince Me? Modeling Weaknesses in Unpersuasive Arguments.
modeling weaknesses	unpersuasive arguments
Explanation-Based Feature Construction.
explanation-based feature construction
Solving POMDPs Using Quadratically Constrained Linear Programs.
quadratically constrained linear programs	solving pomdps
Strong-Cyclic Planning when Fairness is Not a Valid Assumption.
valid assumption	strong-cyclic planning
Normative Conflict Detection and Resolution in Cooperating Institutions.
normative conflict detection	cooperating institutions
Simplifying A Logic Program Using Its Consequences.
logic program
A Maximum Likelihood Approach towards Aggregating Partial Orders.
aggregating partial orders	maximum likelihood approach
Cyber Assist Project for Ambient Intelligence.
cyber assist project	ambient intelligence
Extracting Temporal Patterns from Interval-Based Sequences.
extracting temporal patterns	interval-based sequences
Budget-Constrained Dynamics in Multiagent Systems.
multiagent systems	budget-constrained dynamics
Incomplete Causal Laws in the Situation Calculus Using Free Fluents.
incomplete causal laws	situation calculus	free fluents
Efficient Model Based Diagnosis with Maximum Satisfiability.
efficient model based diagnosis	maximum satisfiability
Collaborative Topic Regression with Social Regularization for Tag Recommendation.
collaborative topic regression	tag recommendation	social regularization
An Abstraction-Refinement Methodology for Reasoning about Network Games.
abstraction-refinement methodology	network games
Counting Complexity of Propositional Abduction.
propositional abduction	counting complexity
Social Abstract Argumentation.
social abstract argumentation
An Empirical Game-Theoretic Analysis of Price Discovery in Prediction Markets.
empirical game-theoretic analysis	price discovery	prediction markets
Emotions in Argumentation: an Empirical Evaluation.
empirical evaluation
Factored Upper Bounds for Multiagent Planning Problems under Uncertainty with Non-Factored Value Functions.
factored upper bounds	multiagent planning problems
Shared control of a robot using EEG-based feedback signals.
eeg-based feedback signals	shared control
Sketching Techniques for Collaborative Filtering.
sketching techniques	collaborative filtering
Behaviour Recognition in Smart Homes.
smart homes	behaviour recognition
Toward Unsupervised Activity Discovery Using Multi-Dimensional Motif Detection in Time Series.
multi-dimensional motif detection	unsupervised activity discovery	time series
Combining RCC5 Relations with Betweenness Information.
combining rcc5 relations	betweenness information
Exclusivity Regularized Machine: A New Ensemble SVM Classifier.
exclusivity regularized machine	ensemble svm classifier
A Sparse Covariance Function for Exact Gaussian Process Inference in Large Datasets.
exact gaussian process inference	sparse covariance function	large datasets
Bounded Programs: A New Decidable Class of Logic Programs with Function Symbols.
function symbols	decidable class	bounded programs	logic programs
Bayesian Policy Search with Policy Priors.
bayesian policy search	policy priors
Boosted Zero-Shot Learning with Semantic Correlation Regularization.
semantic correlation regularization	boosted zero-shot learning
Sufficient Plan-Time Statistics for Decentralized POMDPs.
sufficient plan-time statistics	decentralized pomdps
A Crowdfunding Model for Green Energy Investment.
green energy investment	crowdfunding model
Probability Bounds for Overlapping Coalition Formation.
overlapping coalition formation	probability bounds
Compressed Spectral Regression for Efficient Nonlinear Dimensionality Reduction.
efficient nonlinear dimensionality reduction	compressed spectral regression
Learning Descriptive Visual Representation by Semantic Regularized Matrix Factorization.
learning descriptive visual representation	semantic regularized matrix factorization
The DNA Word Design Problem: A New Constraint Model and New Results.
dna word design problem	constraint model
Outlier Detection in Complex Categorical Data by Modeling the Feature Value Couplings.
complex categorical data	outlier detection
Belief State Estimation for Planning via Approximate Logical Filtering and Smoothing.
belief state estimation	approximate logical filtering
Computing Minimum-Cardinality Diagnoses by Model Relaxation.
computing minimum-cardinality diagnoses	model relaxation
Best-First Utility-Guided Search.
utility-guided search
Learning Where You Are Going and from Whence You Came: h- and g-Cost Learning in Real-Time Heuristic Search.
real-time heuristic search
Matrix Factorization+ for Movie Recommendation.
movie recommendation	matrix factorization+
Tackling the Partner Units Configuration Problem.
partner units configuration problem
Verification of Broadcasting Multi-Agent Systems against an Epistemic Strategy Logic.
epistemic strategy logic	broadcasting multi-agent systems
Reaching Envy-Free States in Distributed Negotiation Settings.
reaching envy-free states	distributed negotiation settings
Streamlining Attacks on CAPTCHAs with a Computer Game.
streamlining attacks	computer game
Self-paced Mixture of Regressions.
self-paced mixture
Ambiance: A Mobile Agent Platform for End-User Programmable Ambient Systems.
end-user programmable ambient systems	mobile agent platform
The Complexity of One-Agent Refinement Modal Logic.
one-agent refinement modal logic
Coupled Attribute Analysis on Numerical Data.
coupled attribute analysis	numerical data
Detecting Chase (Non)Termination for Existential Rules with Disjunctions.
detecting chase	existential rules
Conflict Directed Backjumping for Max-CSPs.
conflict directed backjumping
A Subspace Learning Framework for Cross-Lingual Sentiment Classification with Partial Parallel Data.
subspace learning framework	cross-lingual sentiment classification	partial parallel data
Dynamics of Temporal Difference Learning.
temporal difference learning
Interplanetary Trajectory Planning with Monte Carlo Tree Search.
monte carlo tree search	interplanetary trajectory planning
Probabilistic Planning with Risk-Sensitive Criterion.
risk-sensitive criterion	probabilistic planning
Coarse-to-Fine Lifted MAP Inference in Computer Vision.
coarse-to-fine lifted map inference	computer vision
EntScene: Nonparametric Bayesian Temporal Segmentation of Videos Aimed at Entity-Driven Scene Detection.
nonparametric bayesian temporal segmentation	entity-driven scene detection	videos aimed
An Introduction to String Re-Writing Kernel.
string re-writing kernel
Completion of Disjunctive Logic Programs.
disjunctive logic programs
Using Learned Policies in Heuristic-Search Planning.
learned policies	heuristic-search planning
A Natural Language Question Answering System as a Participant in Human Q&A Portals.
natural language question answering system
Dynamical System-Based Motion Planning for Multi-Arm Systems: Reaching for Moving Objects.
dynamical system-based motion planning	moving objects	multi-arm systems
An Empirical Investigation of Adaptive Traffic Control Parameters.
adaptive traffic control parameters	empirical investigation
Combining Existential Rules with the Power of CP-Theories.
combining existential rules
Composing and Verifying Commitment-Based Multiagent Protocols.
verifying commitment-based multiagent protocols
Promoting Diversity in Recommendation by Entropy Regularizer.
promoting diversity	entropy regularizer
Adversarial Generation of Real-time Feedback with Neural Networks for Simulation-based Training.
simulation-based training	real-time feedback	adversarial generation	neural networks
Planning via Petri Net Unfolding.
petri net unfolding
Computing Horn Rewritings of Description Logics Ontologies.
description logics ontologies	computing horn rewritings
Variable Elimination in Binary CSP via Forbidden Patterns.
forbidden patterns	binary csp	variable elimination
Dynamic Selection of Ontological Alignments: A Space Reduction Mechanism.
space reduction mechanism	dynamic selection	ontological alignments
Bridging the Gap between Observation and Decision Making: Goal Recognition and Flexible Resource Allocation in Dynamic Network Interdiction.
flexible resource allocation	dynamic network interdiction	goal recognition	decision making
Efficient Reasoning in Proper Knowledge Bases with Unknown Individuals.
proper knowledge bases	unknown individuals	efficient reasoning
A Ranking Approach to Pronoun Resolution.
ranking approach	pronoun resolution
Bounded Intention Planning.
bounded intention planning
Opinion Dynamics with Local Interactions.
opinion dynamics	local interactions
Content Management Systems Based on GNU GPL License as a Support of Knowledge Management in Organizations and Business.
content management systems based	gnu gpl license	knowledge management
The Combined Approach to Ontology-Based Data Access.
ontology-based data access	combined approach
Confusion Graph: Detecting Confusion Communities in Large Scale Image Classification.
large scale image classification	detecting confusion communities	confusion graph
Local Translation Prediction with Global Sentence Representation.
local translation prediction	global sentence representation
FCA-Based Concept Detection in a RosettaNet PIP Ontology.
rosettanet pip ontology	fca-based concept detection
A Recursive Shortcut for CEGAR: Application To The Modal Logic K Satisfiability Problem.
recursive shortcut	satisfiability problem	modal logic
Rating-Boosted Latent Topics: Understanding Users and Items with Ratings and Reviews.
rating-boosted latent topics	understanding users
First Order Decision Diagrams for Relational MDPs.
order decision diagrams	relational mdps
A Fast Dual Projected Newton Method for l1-Regularized Least Squares.
fast dual projected newton method
Extending Simple Tabular Reduction with Short Supports.
extending simple tabular reduction	short supports
Scalable Estimation of Dirichlet Process Mixture Models on Distributed Data.
dirichlet process mixture models	scalable estimation	distributed data
Protein Secondary Structure Prediction Using Cascaded Convolutional and Recurrent Neural Networks.
protein secondary structure prediction	recurrent neural networks	cascaded convolutional
Execution Monitoring as Meta-Games for General Game-Playing Robots.
general game-playing robots	execution monitoring
An Efficient Vector-Based Representation for Coalitional Games.
efficient vector-based representation	coalitional games
Improving Reinforcement Learning with Confidence-Based Demonstrations.
improving reinforcement learning	confidence-based demonstrations
Efficient Optimal Search under Expensive Edge Cost Computation.
expensive edge cost computation	efficient optimal search
Algorithmic Exam Generation.
algorithmic exam generation
Inducing Probabilistic Relational Rules from Probabilistic Examples.
inducing probabilistic relational rules	probabilistic examples
Dual-Regularized Multi-View Outlier Detection.
dual-regularized multi-view outlier detection
Sequence Prediction with Unlabeled Data by Reward Function Learning.
reward function learning	sequence prediction	unlabeled data
Binary Linear Compression for Multi-label Classification.
binary linear compression	multi-label classification
Dynamic Weighted Majority for Incremental Learning of Imbalanced Data Streams with Concept Drift.
dynamic weighted majority	imbalanced data streams	concept drift	incremental learning
Deep Learning at Alibaba.
deep learning
Understanding Web Data Sources for Search and Exploration.
understanding web data sources
Extending a geo-catalogue with matching capabilities.
matching capabilities
Query Answering in the Horn Fragments of the Description Logics SHOIQ and SROIQ.
description logics shoiq	query answering	horn fragments
Transfer Learning in Multi-Armed Bandits: A Causal Approach.
transfer learning	causal approach	multi-armed bandits
Language-Based Games.
language-based games
Extended Discriminative Random Walk: A Hypergraph Approach to Multi-View Multi-Relational Transductive Learning.
extended discriminative random walk	multi-view multi-relational transductive learning	hypergraph approach
Precision Instrument Targeting via Image Registration for the Mars 2020 Rover.
precision instrument targeting	image registration	mars 2020 rover
Computing Upper Bounds on Lengths of Transition Sequences.
computing upper bounds	transition sequences
Nonlinear Maximum Margin Multi-View Learning with Adaptive Kernel.
nonlinear maximum margin multi-view learning	adaptive kernel
Generalized Reaction Functions for Solving Complex-Task Allocation Problems.
solving complex-task allocation problems	generalized reaction functions
The GoDeL Planning System: A More Perfect Union of Domain-Independent and Hierarchical Planning.
godel planning system	hierarchical planning	perfect union
Timeline Summarization from Social Media with Life Cycle Models.
life cycle models	social media	timeline summarization
Strategy Learning for Autonomous Agents in Smart Grid Markets.
smart grid markets	autonomous agents	strategy learning
On Automating the Doctrine of Double Effect.
double effect
Gaussianity Measures for Detecting the Direction of Causal Time Series.
causal time series	gaussianity measures
Multi-Label Structure Learning with Ising Model Selection.
multi-label structure learning	ising model selection
Computational Disaster Management.
computational disaster management
A Verified SAT Solver Framework with Learn, Forget, Restart, and Incrementality.
verified sat solver framework
A Clause Tableau Calculus for MaxSAT.
clause tableau calculus
C-Link: A Hierarchical Clustering Approach to Large-scale Near-optimal Coalition Formation.
large-scale near-optimal coalition formation	hierarchical clustering approach
Cardinality Encodings for Graph Optimization Problems.
graph optimization problems	cardinality encodings
Open data for inclusive governance.
open data	inclusive governance
Can Movies and Books Collaborate? Cross-Domain Collaborative Filtering for Sparsity Reduction.
cross-domain collaborative filtering	sparsity reduction	books collaborate
Learning Food Appearance by a Supervision with Recipe Text.
learning food appearance	recipe text
Algorithms and Complexity Results for Pursuit-Evasion Problems.
complexity results	pursuit-evasion problems
Mission Oriented Robust Multi-Team Formation and Its Application to Robot Rescue Simulation.
mission oriented robust multi-team formation	robot rescue simulation
An Intelligent and Unified Framework for Multiple Robot and Human Coalition Formation.
human coalition formation	multiple robot	unified framework
A Cognitive Agent Model Displaying and Regulating Different Social Response Patterns.
cognitive agent model displaying	social response patterns
Modeling Trajectories with Recurrent Neural Networks.
recurrent neural networks	modeling trajectories
Max-Prob: An Unbiased Rational Decision Making Procedure for Multiple-Adversary Environments.
unbiased rational decision making procedure	multiple-adversary environments
Semi-Supervised Active Learning with Cross-Class Sample Transfer.
cross-class sample transfer	semi-supervised active learning
Space-Consistent Game Equivalence Detection in General Game Playing.
space-consistent game equivalence detection	general game playing
Understanding Drawings by Compositional Analogy.
understanding drawings	compositional analogy
Which Contingent Events to Observe for the Dynamic Controllability of a Plan.
dynamic controllability	contingent events
Learning Multi-Step Predictive State Representations.
learning multi-step predictive state representations
A Framework for Scalable Inference of Temporal Gene Regulatory Networks based on Clustering and Multivariate Analysis.
temporal gene regulatory networks based	scalable inference	multivariate analysis
Online Planning for Ad Hoc Autonomous Agent Teams.
ad hoc autonomous agent teams	online planning
Efficient Computation of Extensions for Dynamic Abstract Argumentation Frameworks: An Incremental Approach.
dynamic abstract argumentation frameworks	incremental approach	efficient computation
Efficient HPSG Parsing with Supertagging and CFG-Filtering.
efficient hpsg parsing
Simulation-Based Data Mining Solution to the Structure of Water Surrounding Proteins.
simulation-based data mining solution	water surrounding proteins
Control in the Presence of Manipulators: Cooperative and Competitive Cases.
competitive cases
Bayesian Extreme Components Analysis.
bayesian extreme components analysis
Discriminative Dictionary Learning With Ranking Metric Embedded for Person Re-Identification.
ranking metric embedded	discriminative dictionary learning	person re-identification
SEVEN: Deep Semi-supervised Verification Networks.
deep semi-supervised verification networks
Reconstruction-based Unsupervised Feature Selection: An Embedded Approach.
reconstruction-based unsupervised feature selection	embedded approach
Temporal Planning with Clock-Based SMT Encodings.
clock-based smt encodings	temporal planning
Efficiently Finding Conditional Instruments for Causal Inference.
efficiently finding conditional instruments	causal inference
Proceedings of the 2nd Workshop on Machine Learning for Interactive Systems - Bridging the Gap Between Perception, Action and Communication, MLIS@IJCAI 2013, Beijing, China, August 4, 2013
interactive systems	machine learning	mlis@ijcai 2013	2nd workshop
Pure Nash Equilibria in Online Fair Division.
online fair division	pure nash equilibria
Incorporating Reviewer and Product Information for Review Rating Prediction.
review rating prediction	product information	incorporating reviewer
Robotic Object Detection: Learning to Improve the Classifiers Using Sparse Graphs for Path Planning.
robotic object detection	path planning	sparse graphs
Nested Monte-Carlo Search.
nested monte-carlo search
Combining Preference Elicitation and Search in Multiobjective State-Space Graphs.
multiobjective state-space graphs	combining preference elicitation
An Axiomatic Approach to Personalized Ranking Systems.
personalized ranking systems	axiomatic approach
Towards Efficient Consistency Enforcement for Global Constraints in Weighted Constraint Satisfaction.
weighted constraint satisfaction	efficient consistency enforcement	global constraints
Interactive Value Iteration for Markov Decision Processes with Unknown Rewards.
markov decision processes	unknown rewards
Protein Function Prediction via Laplacian Network Partitioning Incorporating Function Category Correlations.
laplacian network partitioning incorporating function category correlations	protein function prediction
Online Speed Adaptation Using Supervised Learning for High-Speed, Off-Road Autonomous Driving.
off-road autonomous driving	online speed adaptation	supervised learning
Semi-Supervised Learning with Manifold Fitted Graphs.
manifold fitted graphs	semi-supervised learning
Average-Reward Decentralized Markov Decision Processes.
average-reward decentralized markov decision processes
Discovering Alignments in Ontologies of Linked Data.
discovering alignments	linked data
PAC Greedy Maximization with Efficient Bounds on Information Gain for Sensor Selection.
pac greedy maximization	sensor selection	information gain	efficient bounds
Robotic Strategic Behavior in Adversarial Environments.
robotic strategic behavior	adversarial environments
Mining User Dwell Time for Personalized Web Search Re-Ranking.
personalized web search re-ranking	mining user dwell time
Efficient Online Learning and Prediction of Users' Desktop Actions.
efficient online learning	desktop actions
Structured Plans and Observation Reduction for Plans with Contexts.
observation reduction
Fuzzy Logic Model for Digital Forensics: A Trade-off between Accuracy, Complexity and Interpretability.
fuzzy logic model	digital forensics
Marginalized Multi-Instance Kernels.
marginalized multi-instance kernels
Practical Linear Models for Large-Scale One-Class Collaborative Filtering.
large-scale one-class collaborative filtering	practical linear models
Locality Sensitive Discriminant Analysis.
locality sensitive discriminant analysis
Interaction-based ontology alignment repair with expansion and relaxation.
interaction-based ontology alignment repair
Learning and Multiagent Reasoning for Autonomous Agents.
multiagent reasoning	autonomous agents
SVD-free Convex-Concave Approaches for Nuclear Norm Regularization.
svd-free convex-concave approaches	nuclear norm regularization
Mediating between Qualitative and Quantitative Representations for Task-Orientated Human-Robot Interaction.
task-orientated human-robot interaction	quantitative representations
Exploiting Symmetries by Planning for a Descriptive Quotient.
exploiting symmetries	descriptive quotient
Temporal Planning with Semantic Attachment of Non-Linear Monotonic Continuous Behaviours.
non-linear monotonic continuous behaviours	temporal planning	semantic attachment
Nonparametric Risk and Stability Analysis for Multi-Task Learning Problems.
multi-task learning problems	nonparametric risk	stability analysis
Transfer learning with applications on text, sensors and images.
transfer learning
A System for Providing Differentiated QoS in Retail Banking.
providing differentiated qos	retail banking
On Modeling and Predicting Individual Paper Citation Count over Time.
predicting individual paper citation count
A MaxSAT Algorithm Using Cardinality Constraints of Bounded Size.
maxsat algorithm	bounded size	cardinality constraints
Text-Enhanced Representation Learning for Knowledge Graph.
text-enhanced representation learning	knowledge graph
Hustling in Repeated Zero-Sum Games with Imperfect Execution.
repeated zero-sum games	imperfect execution
A generic approach to planning in the presence of incomplete information: Theory and implementation (Extended Abstract).
extended abstract	incomplete information	generic approach
Getting the Most Out of Pattern Databases for Classical Planning.
classical planning	pattern databases
Interactive Image Segmentation via Pairwise Likelihood Learning.
pairwise likelihood learning	interactive image segmentation
Semi-Supervised Gaussian Process Classifiers.
semi-supervised gaussian process classifiers
Talking about Trust in Heterogeneous Multi-Agent Systems.
heterogeneous multi-agent systems
A Hierarchical Architecture for Adaptive Brain-Computer Interfacing.
adaptive brain-computer interfacing	hierarchical architecture
Adaptive Manifold Regularized Matrix Factorization for Data Clustering.
adaptive manifold regularized matrix factorization	data clustering
Accelerated Robust Point Cloud Registration in Natural Environments through Positive and Unlabeled Learning.
accelerated robust point cloud registration	unlabeled learning	natural environments
Change Detection in Multivariate Datastreams: Likelihood and Detectability Loss.
detectability loss	change detection	multivariate datastreams
Algorithms for Generating Ordered Solutions for Explicit AND/OR Structures : Extended Abstract.
generating ordered solutions	extended abstract
Efficient Query Rewriting in the Description Logic EL and Beyond.
efficient query rewriting	description logic el
Transferring Learned Control-Knowledge between Planners.
transferring learned control-knowledge
Non-Metric Label Propagation.
non-metric label propagation
IJCAI Organization.
ijcai organization
Staleness-Aware Async-SGD for Distributed Deep Learning.
distributed deep learning	staleness-aware async-sgd
Best-First Heuristic Search for Multi-Core Machines.
heuristic search	multi-core machines
Multi-Evidence Lifted Message Passing, with Application to PageRank and the Kalman Filter.
multi-evidence lifted message passing	kalman filter
An Intelligent System for Taxi Service Monitoring, Analytics and Visualization.
taxi service monitoring	intelligent system
AEMS: An Anytime Online Search Algorithm for Approximate Policy Refinement in Large POMDPs.
anytime online search algorithm	approximate policy refinement	large pomdps
Non-Linear Monte-Carlo Search in Civilization II.
non-linear monte-carlo search	civilization ii
PARecommender: A Pattern-Based System for Route Recommendation.
pattern-based system	route recommendation
Learning to Incentivize: Eliciting Effort via Output Agreement.
output agreement	eliciting effort
Representations for Action Selection Learning from Real-Time Observation of Task Experts.
action selection learning	task experts	real-time observation
Towards Understanding Natural Language: Semantic Parsing, Commonsense Knowledge Acquisition and Applications.
commonsense knowledge acquisition	understanding natural language	semantic parsing
Common Sense Based Joint Training of Human Activity Recognizers.
common sense based joint training	human activity recognizers
Symmetric Non-negative Latent Factor Models for Undirected Large Networks.
symmetric non-negative latent factor models	undirected large networks
Fully Proportional Representation as Resource Allocation: Approximability Results.
fully proportional representation	approximability results	resource allocation
Shallow Semantics for Coreference Resolution.
shallow semantics	coreference resolution
Existential Closures for Knowledge Compilation.
knowledge compilation	existential closures
Organizers and Sponsors.
organizers
Planning Games.
planning games
Model Accuracy and Runtime Tradeoff in Distributed Deep Learning: A Systematic Study.
distributed deep learning	systematic study	model accuracy	runtime tradeoff
Incremental Slow Feature Analysis.
incremental slow feature analysis
Bayesian Nonparametric Feature Construction for Inverse Reinforcement Learning.
bayesian nonparametric feature construction	inverse reinforcement learning
Abstract Routing Models and Abstractions in the Context of Vehicle Routing.
abstract routing models	vehicle routing
Symbolic Priors for RNN-based Semantic Parsing.
rnn-based semantic parsing	symbolic priors
Discovering New Creative Mixtures of Cooking Ingredients.
cooking ingredients	creative mixtures
An Architecture for Safe Evacuation Route Recommendation in Smart Spaces.
safe evacuation route recommendation	smart spaces
Preference-Based Query Answering in Datalog+/- Ontologies.
preference-based query answering	datalog+/- ontologies
Efficient Planning for Factored Infinite-Horizon DEC-POMDPs.
factored infinite-horizon dec-pomdps	efficient planning
Personalized Ad Recommendation Systems for Life-Time Value Optimization with Guarantees.
personalized ad recommendation systems
On the Expressivity of Inconsistency Measures (Extended Abstract).
extended abstract	inconsistency measures
Large Scale Sparse Clustering.
large scale sparse clustering
Revenue Maximization via Hiding Item Attributes.
hiding item attributes	revenue maximization
A Sequence Labeling Convolutional Network and Its Application to Handwritten String Recognition.
sequence labeling convolutional network	handwritten string recognition
New Complexity Results for MAP in Bayesian Networks.
complexity results	bayesian networks
Reinforcement Learning of Local Shape in the Game of Go.
reinforcement learning	local shape
Conflict-Driven Answer Set Solving.
conflict-driven answer set solving
Deep Subspace Clustering with Sparsity Prior.
deep subspace clustering	sparsity prior
Thresholding Bandits with Augmented UCB.
augmented ucb	thresholding bandits
Searching for Well-Behaved Fragments of Halpern-Shoham Logic.
well-behaved fragments	halpern-shoham logic
Maximal Recursive Rule: A New Social Decision Scheme.
social decision scheme	maximal recursive rule
Portable Option Discovery for Automated Learning Transfer in Object-Oriented Markov Decision Processes.
object-oriented markov decision processes	automated learning transfer	portable option discovery
An Effective Learnt Clause Minimization Approach for CDCL SAT Solvers.
effective learnt clause minimization approach	cdcl sat solvers
Consequence-Based Reasoning beyond Horn Ontologies.
horn ontologies	consequence-based reasoning
Learning to Hash on Partial Multi-Modal Data.
partial multi-modal data
Effective Representing of Information Network by Variational Autoencoder.
variational autoencoder	effective representing	information network
An Attention-based Regression Model for Grounding Textual Phrases in Images.
grounding textual phrases	attention-based regression model
IJCAI 2009, Proceedings of the 21st International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence, Pasadena, California, USA, July 11-17, 2009
21st international joint conference	july 11-17	artificial intelligence
BiPOCL: A Discourse-Driven Story Planner for Procedural Narrative Generation (Extended Abstract).
procedural narrative generation	discourse-driven story planner	extended abstract
Hierarchical Diagnosis of Multiple Faults.
multiple faults	hierarchical diagnosis
Optimizing Sentence Modeling and Selection for Document Summarization.
optimizing sentence modeling	document summarization
SAT Encodings of State-Space Reachability Problems in Numeric Domains.
state-space reachability problems	numeric domains	sat encodings
On Forgetting Postulates in Answer Set Programming.
answer set programming	forgetting postulates
Computing Possibly Optimal Solutions for Multi-Objective Constraint Optimisation with Tradeoffs.
computing possibly optimal solutions	multi-objective constraint optimisation
Evaluations of Hash Distributed A* in Optimal Sequence Alignment.
optimal sequence alignment	hash distributed
Simulating Price Interactions by Mining Multivariate Financial Time Series.
mining multivariate financial time series	simulating price interactions
Models of Action Concurrency in Temporal Planning.
action concurrency	temporal planning
Improving Group Decision-Making by Artificial Intelligence.
improving group decision-making	artificial intelligence
Generalized Planning: Synthesizing Plans that Work for Multiple Environments.
multiple environments	generalized planning	synthesizing plans
Probabilistic Mobile Manipulation in Dynamic Environments, with Application to Opening Doors.
probabilistic mobile manipulation	dynamic environments	opening doors
Approximate Large-scale Multiple Kernel k-means Using Deep Neural Network.
approximate large-scale multiple kernel k-means	deep neural network
Towards Runtime Behavior Adaptation for Embodied Characters.
runtime behavior adaptation	embodied characters
MergeXplain: Fast Computation of Multiple Conflicts for Diagnosis.
multiple conflicts	fast computation
A Practical Automata-Based Technique for Reasoning in Expressive Description Logics.
expressive description logics	practical automata-based technique
Extending Computer Assisted Assessment Systems with Natural Language Processing, User Modeling, and Recommendations Based on Human Computer Interaction and Data Mining.
extending computer assisted assessment systems	human computer interaction	natural language processing	recommendations based	data mining	user modeling
Identifying Human Mobility via Trajectory Embeddings.
identifying human mobility	trajectory embeddings
Learning Cause Identifiers from Annotator Rationales.
annotator rationales
Mining the Web for the "Voice of the Herd" to Track Stock Market Bubbles.
track stock market bubbles
Collaboration and Shared Plans in the Open World: Studies of Ridesharing.
open world	shared plans
End-to-End Prediction of Buffer Overruns from Raw Source Code via Neural Memory Networks.
neural memory networks	raw source code	end-to-end prediction	buffer overruns
Approximation-Guided Evolutionary Multi-Objective Optimization.
approximation-guided evolutionary multi-objective optimization
Visually Tracking Football Games Based on TV Broadcasts.
visually tracking football games based	tv broadcasts
Plan Recognition as Planning.
plan recognition
Combining Logic and Probability: P-log Perspective.
combining logic	p-log perspective
Maximum Margin Coresets for Active and Noise Tolerant Learning.
maximum margin coresets	noise tolerant learning
Transfer Learning in Spatial Reasoning Puzzles.
spatial reasoning puzzles	transfer learning
Crowdsourcing Backdoor Identification for Combinatorial Optimization.
crowdsourcing backdoor identification	combinatorial optimization
Toward a Robust and Universal Crowd-Labeling Framework.
universal crowd-labeling framework
Answering Metaqueries over Hi (OWL 2 QL) Ontologies.
answering metaqueries	owl 2 ql
External Memory Bidirectional Search.
external memory bidirectional search
Constrained Local Latent Variable Discovery.
constrained local latent variable discovery
Pushing Forward Marginal MAP with Best-First Search.
pushing forward marginal map
Solving Hard Subgraph Problems in Parallel.
solving hard subgraph problems
Further Connections Between Contract-Scheduling and Ray-Searching Problems.
ray-searching problems
Efficient Local Search in Coordination Games on Graphs.
efficient local search	coordination games
Past IJCAI Conferences.
past ijcai conferences
Point-Based Planning for Multi-Objective POMDPs.
multi-objective pomdps	point-based planning
On Constrained Boolean Pareto Optimization.
constrained boolean pareto optimization
Hashing-Based Approximate Probabilistic Inference in Hybrid Domains: An Abridged Report.
hashing-based approximate probabilistic inference	abridged report	hybrid domains
Learning Feature Engineering for Classification.
learning feature engineering
Reinforcement Learning to Adjust Robot Movements to New Situations.
adjust robot movements	reinforcement learning
Deep Nonlinear Feature Coding for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation.
deep nonlinear feature coding	unsupervised domain adaptation
Conference Organizers and Sponsors.
conference organizers
Evaluating Description and Reference Strategies in a Cooperative Human-Robot Dialogue System.
cooperative human-robot dialogue system	reference strategies	evaluating description
Reactive Policy Checking for Action Languages.
reactive policy checking	action languages
Regularizing Flat Latent Variables with Hierarchical Structures.
regularizing flat latent variables	hierarchical structures
Succinct Approximate Counting of Skewed Data.
succinct approximate counting	skewed data
Learning Hash Functions for Cross-View Similarity Search.
cross-view similarity search	learning hash functions
The Modular Structure of an Ontology: Atomic Decomposition.
atomic decomposition	modular structure
Category-aware Next Point-of-Interest Recommendation via Listwise Bayesian Personalized Ranking.
listwise bayesian personalized ranking	point-of-interest recommendation
Improving Learning-from-Crowds through Expert Validation.
expert validation	improving learning-from-crowds
Combining Models from Multiple Sources for RGB-D Scene Recognition.
combining models	multiple sources	scene recognition
A Reasoning System for a First-Order Logic of Limited Belief.
limited belief	first-order logic	reasoning system
A Soft Global Precedence Constraint.
soft global precedence constraint
First-Order Rewritability of Atomic Queries in Horn Description Logics.
horn description logics	atomic queries	first-order rewritability
Aesthetic Guideline Driven Photography by Robots.
aesthetic guideline driven photography
Beyond the Nystrom Approximation: Speeding up Spectral Clustering using Uniform Sampling and Weighted Kernel k-means.
weighted kernel k-means	spectral clustering	uniform sampling	nystrom approximation
Explanation Systems for Influence Maximization Algorithms.
influence maximization algorithms	explanation systems
Preface.
preface
A Preliminary Approach for Modeling the Energy Efficiency for K-Means Clustering Applications in Data Centers.
k-means clustering applications	preliminary approach	data centers	energy efficiency
Relating the Semantics of Abstract Dialectical Frameworks and Standard AFs.
abstract dialectical frameworks	standard afs
Dual Track Multimodal Automatic Learning through Human-Robot Interaction.
dual track multimodal automatic learning	human-robot interaction
Maximizing the Coverage of Information Propagation in Social Networks.
social networks	information propagation
Unsatisfiable Core Shrinking for Anytime Answer Set Optimization.
anytime answer set optimization	unsatisfiable core shrinking
A Method for Evaluating and Standardizing Ontologies.
standardizing ontologies
Arbitration and Stability in Cooperative Games with Overlapping Coalitions.
cooperative games	overlapping coalitions
Learning Hierarchical Task Networks for Nondeterministic Planning Domains.
learning hierarchical task networks	nondeterministic planning domains
Object-Relational Queries over CFDInc Knowledge Bases: OBDA for the SQL-Literate.
cfdinc knowledge bases	object-relational queries
Symmetry Breaking in Quantified Boolean Formulae.
quantified boolean formulae	symmetry breaking
Domain Independent Approaches for Finding Diverse Plans.
finding diverse plans	domain independent approaches
On Estimating Action Regret and Learning From It in Route Choice.
estimating action regret	route choice
Multi-agent Retrograde Analysis.
multi-agent retrograde analysis
Heuristics for Numeric Planning via Subgoaling.
numeric planning
Increasing the Scalability of the Fitting of Generalised Block Models for Social Networks.
generalised block models	social networks
Learning from Polyhedral Sets.
polyhedral sets
Variable and Value Ordering for MPE Search.
mpe search
Multiple-Weight Recurrent Neural Networks.
multiple-weight recurrent neural networks
Collaborative Evolution for User Profiling in Recommender Systems.
user profiling	recommender systems	collaborative evolution
Context Sensitive Topic Models for Author Influence in Document Networks.
context sensitive topic models	document networks	author influence
Controlling Growing Tasks with Heterogeneous Agents.
controlling growing tasks	heterogeneous agents
A Hybridized Planner for Stochastic Domains.
hybridized planner	stochastic domains
Congestion Games with Polytopal Strategy Spaces.
polytopal strategy spaces	congestion games
Capturing a Musician's Groove: Generation of Realistic Accompaniments from Single Song Recordings.
single song recordings	realistic accompaniments
Compiling Bayesian Networks by Symbolic Probability Calculation Based on Zero-Suppressed BDDs.
symbolic probability calculation based	compiling bayesian networks	zero-suppressed bdds
Local and Structural Consistency for Multi-Manifold Clustering.
structural consistency	multi-manifold clustering
Imperfect-Information Games and Generalized Planning.
generalized planning	imperfect-information games
Optimal Greedy Diversity for Recommendation.
optimal greedy diversity
Fast Algorithm for Connected Row Convex Constraints.
connected row convex constraints	fast algorithm
∃-STRIPS: Existential Quantification in Planning and Constraint Satisfaction.
constraint satisfaction	existential quantification
Predicting Knowledge in an Ontology Stream.
predicting knowledge	ontology stream
Solving the Multiagent Selection and Scheduling Problem.
multiagent selection	scheduling problem
Temporal Query Answering in the Description Logic EL.
description logic el	temporal query answering
SVD-Based Screening for the Graphical Lasso.
svd-based screening	graphical lasso
Efficiently Characterizing Non-Redundant Constraints in Large Real World Qualitative Spatial Networks.
large real world qualitative spatial networks	efficiently characterizing non-redundant constraints
Exploiting the Structure of Unsatisfiable Cores in MaxSAT.
unsatisfiable cores
Fault-Model-Based Test Generation for Embedded Software.
fault-model-based test generation	embedded software
Compositional Program Synthesis from Natural Language and Examples.
compositional program synthesis	natural language
Improving the Effectiveness of Time-Based Display Advertising.
time-based display advertising
Multi-Agent System that Attains Longevity via Death.
attains longevity	multi-agent system
On the Graded Acceptability of Arguments.
graded acceptability
Inferring Complex Agent Motions from Partial Trajectory Observations.
inferring complex agent motions	partial trajectory observations
Machine Learning in Ecosystem Informatics and Sustainability.
ecosystem informatics	machine learning
A Unified Framework for Reputation Estimation in Online Rating Systems.
online rating systems	reputation estimation	unified framework
Computing Text Semantic Relatedness Using the Contents and Links of a Hypertext Encyclopedia: Extended Abstract.
computing text semantic relatedness	hypertext encyclopedia	extended abstract
Resilient Control and Safety for Multi-Agent Cyber-Physical Systems.
multi-agent cyber-physical systems	resilient control
Graph Connectivity Measures for Unsupervised Word Sense Disambiguation.
unsupervised word sense disambiguation	graph connectivity measures
Observation Reduction for Strong Plans.
observation reduction	strong plans
Progression of Situation Calculus Action Theories with Incomplete Information.
situation calculus action theories	incomplete information
Bayesian Probabilities for Constraint-Based Causal Discovery.
constraint-based causal discovery	bayesian probabilities
From Generic Knowledge to Specific Reasoning for Medical Image Interpretation Using Graph based Representations.
graph based representations	medical image interpretation	specific reasoning	generic knowledge
Memory-Bounded Dynamic Programming for DEC-POMDPs.
memory-bounded dynamic programming
Real-Time UAV Maneuvering via Automated Planning in Simulations.
real-time uav maneuvering	automated planning
Constructive Recommendation.
constructive recommendation
TBA*: Time-Bounded A*.
time-bounded
Selective Supervision: Guiding Supervised Learning with Decision-Theoretic Active Learning.
guiding supervised learning	decision-theoretic active learning	selective supervision
Cross-Domain Collaborative Filtering via Bilinear Multilevel Analysis.
cross-domain collaborative filtering	bilinear multilevel analysis
Quantitative Path-Planning from Qualitative Language Instructions.
qualitative language instructions	quantitative path-planning
Past IJCAI Conferences.
past ijcai conferences
On the Approximation Ability of Evolutionary Optimization with Application to Minimum Set Cover: Extended Abstract.
minimum set cover	extended abstract	evolutionary optimization	approximation ability
Improving Traffic Prediction with Tweet Semantics.
improving traffic prediction	tweet semantics
Rule-Based Programming of Molecular Robot Swarms for Biomedical Applications.
molecular robot swarms	biomedical applications	rule-based programming
Local Learning Regularized Nonnegative Matrix Factorization.
local learning regularized nonnegative matrix factorization
Verbalization: Narration of Autonomous Robot Experience.
autonomous robot experience
Accurate Probability Calibration for Multiple Classifiers.
accurate probability calibration	multiple classifiers
Locality Preserving Nonnegative Matrix Factorization.
locality preserving nonnegative matrix factorization
Generalized Planning: Non-Deterministic Abstractions and Trajectory Constraints.
generalized planning	non-deterministic abstractions	trajectory constraints
Classical Generalized Probabilistic Satisfiability.
classical generalized probabilistic satisfiability
Manifold-Ranking Based Topic-Focused Multi-Document Summarization.
manifold-ranking based topic-focused multi-document summarization
Near-Optimal Anytime Coalition Structure Generation.
near-optimal anytime coalition structure generation
Interactive Gender Inference with Integer Linear Programming.
integer linear programming	interactive gender inference
Efficient Representations for the Modal Logic S5.
modal logic s5	efficient representations
Word Sense Disambiguation with Spreading Activation Networks Generated from Thesauri.
spreading activation networks generated	word sense disambiguation
Proceedings of the Ninth International Workshop on Agents in Traffic and Transportation (ATT 2016) co-located with the 25th International Joint Conference On Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI 2016), New York, USA, July 10, 2016.
25th international joint conference	ninth international workshop	artificial intelligence
Automated Generation of Interaction Graphs for Value-Factored Dec-POMDPs.
value-factored dec-pomdps	automated generation	interaction graphs
Non-Objection Inference for Inconsistency-Tolerant Query Answering.
inconsistency-tolerant query answering	non-objection inference
Polytree-Augmented Classifier Chains for Multi-Label Classification.
polytree-augmented classifier chains	multi-label classification
Convolutional 2D LDA for Nonlinear Dimensionality Reduction.
convolutional 2d lda	nonlinear dimensionality reduction
Dynamic Interactions between Goals and Beliefs.
dynamic interactions
A New Semantics for Overriding in Description Logics (Extended Abstract).
extended abstract	description logics
Learning Question Paraphrases for QA from Encarta Logs.
learning question paraphrases	encarta logs
Optimal Posted-Price Mechanism in Microtask Crowdsourcing.
optimal posted-price mechanism	microtask crowdsourcing
Video Question Answering via Hierarchical Spatio-Temporal Attention Networks.
hierarchical spatio-temporal attention networks	video question answering
Inside-Outside Probability Computation for Belief Propagation.
belief propagation	probability computation
From Ensemble Clustering to Multi-View Clustering.
ensemble clustering	multi-view clustering
Word Sense Disambiguation through Sememe Labeling.
word sense disambiguation	sememe labeling
Purely Declarative Action Descriptions are Overrated: Classical Planning with Simulators.
purely declarative action descriptions	classical planning
Nonlinear Hierarchical Part-Based Regression for Unconstrained Face Alignment.
nonlinear hierarchical part-based regression	unconstrained face alignment
Knowing That, Knowing What, and Public Communication: Public Announcement Logic with Kv Operators.
public announcement logic	public communication	kv operators
Interest Inference via Structure-Constrained Multi-Source Multi-Task Learning.
structure-constrained multi-source multi-task learning	interest inference
A Novel Approach for Extracting Well-Founded Ontology Views.
extracting well-founded ontology views
Automated Agents for Advice Provision.
automated agents	advice provision
Effective Deep Memory Networks for Distant Supervised Relation Extraction.
distant supervised relation extraction	effective deep memory networks
Fast Laplace Approximation for Sparse Bayesian Spike and Slab Models.
sparse bayesian spike	fast laplace approximation	slab models
DetH*: Approximate Hierarchical Solution of Large Markov Decision Processes.
large markov decision processes	approximate hierarchical solution
Fast Image Alignment Using Anytime Algorithms.
fast image alignment	anytime algorithms
A Dual-Pathway Neural Network Model of Control Relinquishment in Motor Skill Learning.
dual-pathway neural network model	motor skill learning	control relinquishment
Automatic Discovery of Fuzzy Synsets from Dictionary Definitions.
fuzzy synsets	dictionary definitions	automatic discovery
Environment-Driven Social Force Model: Lévy Walk Pattern in Collective Behavior.
environment-driven social force model	évy walk pattern	collective behavior
Instance-Level Label Propagation with Multi-Instance Learning.
instance-level label propagation	multi-instance learning
Two dimensional Large Margin Nearest Neighbor for Matrix Classification.
dimensional large margin nearest neighbor	matrix classification
Proceedings of the Workshop on Knowledge-based Techniques for Problem Solving and Reasoning co-located with 25th International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI 2016), New York City, USA, July 10, 2016.
25th international joint conference	reasoning co-located	knowledge-based techniques	problem solving	artificial intelligence	york city
Deep Optical Flow Estimation Via Multi-Scale Correspondence Structure Learning.
deep optical flow estimation	multi-scale correspondence structure learning
Estimation of the Attractiveness of Food Photography Focusing on Main Ingredients.
food photography focusing	main ingredients
Stochastic Density Ratio Estimation and Its Application to Feature Selection.
stochastic density ratio estimation	feature selection
Optimal Soft Arc Consistency.
optimal soft arc consistency
Dependency Exploitation: A Unified CNN-RNN Approach for Visual Emotion Recognition.
visual emotion recognition	unified cnn-rnn approach	dependency exploitation
Fixing Tournaments for Kings, Chokers, and More.
fixing tournaments
Combining Rewriting and Incremental Materialisation Maintenance for Datalog Programs with Equality.
incremental materialisation maintenance	combining rewriting	datalog programs
Automatically Generating Problems and Solutions for Natural Deduction.
automatically generating problems	natural deduction
Heuristic Search under Quality and Time Bounds.
heuristic search	time bounds
Modelling Well-Structured Argumentation Lines.
modelling well-structured argumentation lines
Efficient Mechanisms with Risky Participation.
efficient mechanisms	risky participation
Bridging DBpedia Categories and DL-Concept Definitions Using Formal Concept Analysis.
bridging dbpedia categories	formal concept analysis	dl-concept definitions
Action Language BC: Preliminary Report.
action language bc	preliminary report
Smart Hashing Update for Fast Response.
smart hashing update	fast response
Robots, skills, and symbols.
skills
Coherence Across Components in Cognitive Systems - One Ontology to Rule Them All.
cognitive systems
An Ensemble of Bayesian Networks for Multilabel Classification.
multilabel classification	bayesian networks
Training-Time Optimization of a Budgeted Booster.
budgeted booster	training-time optimization
Tractable Multi-Agent Path Planning on Grid Maps.
tractable multi-agent path planning	grid maps
Bayesian Abductive Logic Programs: A Probabilistic Logic for Abductive Reasoning.
bayesian abductive logic programs	abductive reasoning	probabilistic logic
Efficient Reinforcement Learning with Hierarchies of Machines by Leveraging Internal Transitions.
leveraging internal transitions	efficient reinforcement learning
Generalizing Envy-Freeness toward Group of Agents.
generalizing envy-freeness
Predicting Alzheimer's Disease Cognitive Assessment via Robust Low-Rank Structured Sparse Model.
robust low-rank structured sparse model	disease cognitive assessment	predicting alzheimer
Goal Recognition with Variable-Order Markov Models.
variable-order markov models	goal recognition
A SAT Approach to Branchwidth.
sat approach
On the Computational Complexity of Naive-Based Semantics for Abstract Dialectical Frameworks.
abstract dialectical frameworks	computational complexity	naive-based semantics
Detecting Emotions in Social Media: A Constrained Optimization Approach.
constrained optimization approach	detecting emotions	social media
Variational Deep Embedding: An Unsupervised and Generative Approach to Clustering.
variational deep embedding	generative approach
Cascade Dynamics Modeling with Attention-based Recurrent Neural Network.
attention-based recurrent neural network	cascade dynamics modeling
Combining Supervised and Unsupervised Models via Unconstrained Probabilistic Embedding.
unconstrained probabilistic embedding	unsupervised models	combining supervised
Introspection and Adaptable Model Integration for Dialogue-based Question Answering.
adaptable model integration	dialogue-based question answering
On Robust Estimation of High Dimensional Generalized Linear Models.
high dimensional generalized linear models	robust estimation
Learning User Clicks in Web Search.
learning user clicks	web search
Apprenticeship Scheduling: Learning to Schedule from Human Experts.
apprenticeship scheduling	human experts
Adversarial Hierarchical-Task Network Planning for Complex Real-Time Games.
adversarial hierarchical-task network planning	complex real-time games
Bayesian Optimization of Partition Layouts for Mondrian Processes.
mondrian processes	bayesian optimization	partition layouts
User Profile Preserving Social Network Embedding.
user profile preserving social network embedding
Case-Based Multilabel Ranking.
case-based multilabel ranking
Fast-and-Light Stochastic ADMM.
fast-and-light stochastic admm
The Arcade Learning Environment: An Evaluation Platform for General Agents (Extended Abstract).
arcade learning environment	general agents	evaluation platform	extended abstract
Measuring and Recommending Time-Sensitive Routes from Location-based Data.
recommending time-sensitive routes	location-based data
Indirect Causes in Dynamic Bayesian Networks Revisited.
dynamic bayesian networks revisited
Optimizing Classifier Performance in Word Sense Disambiguation by Redefining Sense Classes.
optimizing classifier performance	redefining sense classes	word sense disambiguation
Plato's Cave in the Dempster-Shafer land-the Link between Pignistic and Plausibility Transformations.
dempster-shafer land-	plausibility transformations
Predicting Learnt Clauses Quality in Modern SAT Solvers.
predicting learnt clauses quality	modern sat solvers
Loopy SAM.
loopy sam
Probabilistic Knowledge-Based Programs.
probabilistic knowledge-based programs
Conditional Constraint Satisfaction: Logical Foundations and Complexity.
conditional constraint satisfaction	logical foundations
Dynamic Verification of Trust in Distributed Open Systems.
distributed open systems	dynamic verification
Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks for Commonsense Machine Comprehension.
conditional generative adversarial networks	commonsense machine comprehension
Feature Selection via Scaling Factor Integrated Multi-Class Support Vector Machines.
scaling factor integrated multi-class support vector machines	feature selection
Constraint Acquisition with Recommendation Queries.
constraint acquisition	recommendation queries
A Logic for Reasoning about Justified Uncertain Beliefs.
justified uncertain beliefs
From Decimation to Local Search and Back: A New Approach to MaxSAT.
local search
Preference Restrictions in Computational Social Choice: Recent Progress.
computational social choice	recent progress	preference restrictions
Fast Active Tabu Search and its Application to Image Retrieval.
fast active tabu search	image retrieval
Co-Localization from Labeled and Unlabeled Data Using Graph Laplacian.
graph laplacian	unlabeled data
Robust Softmax Regression for Multi-class Classification with Self-Paced Learning.
robust softmax regression	multi-class classification	self-paced learning
Generalized Rapid Action Value Estimation.
generalized rapid action
A Decision-Theoretic Academic Advisor: Extended Abstract.
decision-theoretic academic advisor	extended abstract
Automatic Verification of Knowledge and Time with NuSMV.
automatic verification
Hierarchical Bayesian Matrix Factorization with Side Information.
hierarchical bayesian matrix factorization	side information
Eliciting Honest Reputation Feedback in a Markov Setting.
eliciting honest reputation feedback	markov setting
Ontology-Based Data Access with Closed Predicates is Inherently Intractable(Sometimes).
ontology-based data access	closed predicates	inherently intractable
Preference-Based CBR: General Ideas and Basic Principles.
preference-based cbr	general ideas	basic principles
On Logics of Strategic Ability Based on Propositional Control.
strategic ability based	propositional control
Depth Estimation Using Monocular and Stereo Cues.
stereo cues	depth estimation
Interfacing Virtual Agents with Collaborative Knowledge: Open Domain Question Answering Using Wikipedia-Based Topic Models.
open domain question answering	wikipedia-based topic models	interfacing virtual agents	collaborative knowledge
Predictive Projections.
predictive projections
Online Expectation Maximization for Reinforcement Learning in POMDPs.
online expectation maximization	reinforcement learning
TUCH: Turning Cross-view Hashing into Single-view Hashing via Generative Adversarial Nets.
generative adversarial nets	turning cross-view hashing	single-view hashing
A Scalable Community Detection Algorithm for Large Graphs Using Stochastic Block Models.
scalable community detection algorithm	stochastic block models	large graphs
Look versus Leap: Computing Value of Information with High-Dimensional Streaming Evidence.
high-dimensional streaming evidence	versus leap
Personalizing EEG-Based Affective Models with Transfer Learning.
personalizing eeg-based affective models	transfer learning
Optimal Delete-Relaxed (and Semi-Relaxed) Planning with Conditional Effects.
conditional effects	optimal delete-relaxed
Distance-Bounded Consistent Query Answering.
distance-bounded consistent query answering
Supervised Matrix Factorization for Cross-Modality Hashing.
supervised matrix factorization	cross-modality hashing
Spiteful Bidding in the Dollar Auction.
dollar auction	spiteful bidding
Symbol Acquisition for Probabilistic High-Level Planning.
probabilistic high-level planning	symbol acquisition
On the Complexity and Expressiveness of Automated Planning Languages Supporting Temporal Reasoning.
automated planning languages supporting temporal reasoning
Epistemic Equilibrium Logic.
epistemic equilibrium logic
Suggesting Email View Filters for Triage and Search.
suggesting email view filters
Memory-Based Heuristics for Explicit State Spaces.
explicit state spaces	memory-based heuristics
A Multiobjective Frontier Search Algorithm.
multiobjective frontier search algorithm
Extractive and Abstractive Event Summarization over Streaming Web Text.
streaming web text	abstractive event summarization
Parliamentary Voting Procedures: Agenda Control, Manipulation, and Uncertainty.
parliamentary voting procedures	agenda control
Face Clustering in Videos with Proportion Prior.
face clustering	proportion prior
Backdoors to Tractable Answer-Set Programming.
tractable answer-set programming
Agents, Actions and Goals in Dynamic Environments.
dynamic environments
A Goal Reasoning Agent for Controlling UAVs in Beyond-Visual-Range Air Combat.
beyond-visual-range air combat	goal reasoning agent	controlling uavs
Distraction-Based Neural Networks for Modeling Document.
distraction-based neural networks	modeling document
On Progression and Query Evaluation in First-Order Knowledge Bases with Function Symbols.
first-order knowledge bases	query evaluation	function symbols
Selective Norm Monitoring.
selective norm monitoring
Social Influence Analysis based on Facial Emotions.
social influence analysis based	facial emotions
Dynamic Multi-Task Learning with Convolutional Neural Network.
dynamic multi-task learning	convolutional neural network
Kernels for Global Constraints.
global constraints
Change of Representation for Statistical Relational Learning.
statistical relational learning
Adaptive Budget Allocation for Maximizing Influence of Advertisements.
adaptive budget allocation	maximizing influence
Efficient Inference for Expressive Comparative Preference Languages.
expressive comparative preference languages	efficient inference
Multi-view Feature Learning with Discriminative Regularization.
multi-view feature learning	discriminative regularization
Operator Component Matrix Model for IMP Program Diagnosis.
operator component matrix model	imp program diagnosis
Integrating Systematic and Local Search Paradigms: A New Strategy for MaxSAT.
local search paradigms	integrating systematic
Core-Selecting Payment Rules for Combinatorial Auctions with Uncertain Availability of Goods.
core-selecting payment rules	uncertain availability	combinatorial auctions
A Hybrid Ontology Directed Feedback Selection Algorithm for Supporting Creative Problem Solving Dialogues.
hybrid ontology directed feedback selection algorithm	supporting creative problem solving dialogues
Stable Model Semantics of Abstract Dialectical Frameworks Revisited: A Logic Programming Perspective.
abstract dialectical frameworks revisited	logic programming perspective	stable model semantics
Leveraging Human Knowledge in Tabular Reinforcement Learning: A Study of Human Subjects.
tabular reinforcement learning	leveraging human knowledge	human subjects
Context-Dependent Conceptualization.
context-dependent conceptualization
Towards an Integration of Golog and Planning.
golog
Kernel Contraction and Base Dependence: Redundancy in the Base Resulting in Different Types of Dependence.
kernel contraction	base resulting
Weighted Model Integration with Orthogonal Transformations.
weighted model integration	orthogonal transformations
Limited Discrepancy AND/OR Search and Its Application to Optimization Tasks in Graphical Models.
graphical models	limited discrepancy	optimization tasks
On Thompson Sampling and Asymptotic Optimality.
asymptotic optimality	thompson sampling
A Dynamic Approach for MPE and Weighted MAX-SAT.
dynamic approach	weighted max-sat
Multi-Step Multi-Sensor Hider-Seeker Games.
multi-step multi-sensor hider-seeker games
Active Online Classification via Information Maximization.
active online classification	information maximization
A Lattice-Based Approach to Computing Warranted Beliefs in Skeptical Argumentation Frameworks.
skeptical argumentation frameworks	computing warranted beliefs	lattice-based approach
Discovering Theorems in Game Theory: Two-Person Games with Unique Pure Nash Equilibrium Payoffs.
unique pure nash equilibrium payoffs	two-person games	discovering theorems	game theory
An Improved Probabilistic Ant based Clustering for Distributed Databases.
improved probabilistic ant based clustering	distributed databases
High-Level Program Execution in Multi-agent Settings.
high-level program execution	multi-agent settings
Multiple-Origin-Multiple-Destination Path Finding with Minimal Arc Usage: Complexity and Models.
minimal arc usage	multiple-origin-multiple-destination path finding
Robust Draws in Balanced Knockout Tournaments.
balanced knockout tournaments	robust draws
A Three-Stage Neural Model for Attribute Based Classification and Indexing of Fly Ashes.
three-stage neural model	attribute based classification	fly ashes
Multi-Perspective Linking of News Articles within a Repository.
news articles	multi-perspective linking
Interactive Clustering of Text Collections According to a User-Specified Criterion.
interactive clustering	text collections
Epistemic-entrenchment Characterization of Parikh's Axiom.
epistemic-entrenchment characterization
New Constraint Programming Approaches for the Computation of Leximin-Optimal Solutions in Constraint Networks.
constraint programming approaches	constraint networks	leximin-optimal solutions
Merging in the Horn Fragment.
horn fragment
Scalable Constraint-based Virtual Data Center Allocation.
scalable constraint-based virtual data center allocation
Preference Learning with Extreme Examples.
preference learning	extreme examples
Completing Description Logic Knowledge Bases Using Formal Concept Analysis.
completing description logic knowledge bases	formal concept analysis
Learning machines that perceive, act and communicate.
learning machines
From Automation to Autonomous Systems: A Legal Phenomenology with Problems of Accountability.
autonomous systems	legal phenomenology
Semantic Single Video Segmentation with Robust Graph Representation.
semantic single video segmentation	robust graph representation
Dynamically Weighted Hidden Markov Model for Spam Deobfuscation.
dynamically weighted hidden markov model	spam deobfuscation
Efficient Label Contamination Attacks Against Black-Box Learning Models.
efficient label contamination attacks	black-box learning models
Large-scale Subspace Clustering by Fast Regression Coding.
large-scale subspace clustering	fast regression coding
Using Kernel Consolidation for Query Answering in Inconsistent OBDA.
query answering	inconsistent obda	kernel consolidation
Relevance Estimation and Value Calibration of Evolutionary Algorithm Parameters.
evolutionary algorithm parameters	relevance estimation
Self-Adjusting Memory: How to Deal with Diverse Drift Types.
diverse drift types	self-adjusting memory
Using Domain Knowledge to Systematically Guide Feature Selection.
systematically guide feature selection	domain knowledge
The Logic of Qualitative Probability.
qualitative probability
Method for Detecting Near-duplicate Recipe Creators Based on Cooking Instructions and Food Images.
detecting near-duplicate recipe creators based	cooking instructions	food images
Automatic Acquisition of Context-Specific Lexical Paraphrases.
context-specific lexical paraphrases	automatic acquisition
Deep Forest: Towards An Alternative to Deep Neural Networks.
deep neural networks	deep forest
A Convex Formulation of Modularity Maximization for Community Detection.
modularity maximization	convex formulation	community detection
Beyond Forks: Finding and Ranking Star Factorings for Decoupled Search.
ranking star factorings	decoupled search
Planning under Uncertainty and Temporally Extended Goals.
temporally extended goals
An Experts Algorithm for Transfer Learning.
experts algorithm	transfer learning
Generative Ontology of Vaisesika.
generative ontology
Finding Diverse Solutions of High Quality to Constraint Optimization Problems.
constraint optimization problems	finding diverse solutions	high quality
Learning Conversational Systems that Interleave Task and Non-Task Content.
learning conversational systems	interleave task	non-task content
Robust Multiple Kernel K-means Using L21-Norm.
robust multiple kernel k-means
When is Temporal Planning Really Temporal?
temporal planning
WikiWrite: Generating Wikipedia Articles Automatically.
generating wikipedia articles automatically
Extracting Chatbot Knowledge from Online Discussion Forums.
extracting chatbot knowledge	online discussion forums
Using Incentive Mechanisms for an Adaptive Regulation of Open Multi-Agent Systems.
open multi-agent systems	adaptive regulation	incentive mechanisms
Active Learning Based on Local Representation.
active learning based	local representation
Accurate Integration of Crowdsourced Labels Using Workers' Self-reported Confidence Scores.
self-reported confidence scores	accurate integration	crowdsourced labels
Object-Based World Modeling in Semi-Static Environments with Dependent Dirichlet Process Mixtures.
dependent dirichlet process mixtures	object-based world modeling	semi-static environments
An Assertion Retrieval Algebra for Object Queries over Knowledge Bases.
assertion retrieval algebra	knowledge bases	object queries
The Malmo Platform for Artificial Intelligence Experimentation.
artificial intelligence experimentation	malmo platform
Refinement of Intentions.
refinement
Multiple Kernel Clustering with Local Kernel Alignment Maximization.
local kernel alignment maximization	multiple kernel clustering
Learning by Analogy: A Classification Rule for Binary and Nominal Data.
nominal data	classification rule
Effective Control Knowledge Transfer through Learning Skill and Representation Hierarchies.
effective control knowledge transfer	learning skill	representation hierarchies
What Users Care About: A Framework for Social Content Alignment.
social content alignment	users care
Efficient Mechanism Design for Online Scheduling (Extended Abstract).
efficient mechanism design	online scheduling	extended abstract
A Divide-and-Conquer Approach for Solving Interval Algebra Networks.
solving interval algebra networks	divide-and-conquer approach
Improving Topic Evaluation Using Conceptual Knowledge.
improving topic evaluation	conceptual knowledge
Unsupervised Learning via Total Correlation Explanation.
total correlation explanation	unsupervised learning
Russian Doll Search with Tree Decomposition.
russian doll search	tree decomposition
A Modification of the Halpern-Pearl Definition of Causality.
halpern-pearl definition
Robust Approximation and Incremental Elicitation in Voting Protocols.
incremental elicitation	voting protocols	robust approximation
Voronoi Random Fields: Extracting Topological Structure of Indoor Environments via Place Labeling.
voronoi random fields	extracting topological structure	place labeling	indoor environments
Random Shifting for CNN: a Solution to Reduce Information Loss in Down-Sampling Layers.
reduce information loss	down-sampling layers	random shifting
Analysis and Optimization of Multi-Dimensional Percentile Mechanisms.
multi-dimensional percentile mechanisms
Medical Synonym Extraction with Concept Space Models.
concept space models	medical synonym extraction
Combining Machine Learning and Optimization Techniques to Determine 3-D Structures of Polypeptides.
combining machine learning	optimization techniques	determine 3-
Bayesian Modelling of Community-Based Multidimensional Trust in Participatory Sensing under Data Sparsity.
community-based multidimensional trust	participatory sensing	data sparsity	bayesian modelling
Narrative Hermeneutic Circle: Improving Character Role Identification from Natural Language Text via Feedback Loops.
improving character role identification	natural language text	narrative hermeneutic circle	feedback loops
A Context Driven Approach for Workflow Mining.
context driven approach	workflow mining
Integrating Answer Set Programming with Semantic Dictionaries for Robot Task Planning.
integrating answer set programming	robot task planning	semantic dictionaries
A Tree-Based Tabu Search Algorithm for the Manpower Allocation Problem with TimeWindows and Job-Teaming Constraints.
tree-based tabu search algorithm	manpower allocation problem	job-teaming constraints
Radar: Residual Analysis for Anomaly Detection in Attributed Networks.
residual analysis	attributed networks	anomaly detection
An Ontology Matching Approach Based on Affinity-Preserving Random Walks.
ontology matching approach based	affinity-preserving random walks
The General Game Playing Description Language Is Universal.
general game playing description language
Nested Rollout Policy Adaptation for Monte Carlo Tree Search.
nested rollout policy adaptation	monte carlo tree search
Lazy-Grounding for Answer Set Programs with External Source Access.
external source access	answer set programs
Emergence and Stability of Social Conventions in Conflict Situations.
conflict situations	social conventions
Finding (α, ϑ)-Solutions via Sampled SCSPs.
sampled scsps
Automatic Gait Optimization with Gaussian Process Regression.
automatic gait optimization	gaussian process regression
Prior-Free Exploration Bonus for and beyond Near Bayes-Optimal Behavior.
prior-free exploration bonus	bayes-optimal behavior
Improving Resource Allocation Strategy against Human Adversaries in Security Games.
improving resource allocation strategy	security games	human adversaries
Maximum Expected Likelihood Estimation for Zero-resource Neural Machine Translation.
zero-resource neural machine translation	maximum expected likelihood estimation
A Demonstration of Interactive Task Learning.
interactive task learning
Problem Splitting Using Heuristic Search in Landmark Orderings.
problem splitting	landmark orderings	heuristic search
Efficient Path Consistency Algorithm for Large Qualitative Constraint Networks.
efficient path consistency algorithm	large qualitative constraint networks
On the Complexity of the Core over Coalition Structures.
coalition structures
Playing Repeated Network Interdiction Games with Semi-Bandit Feedback.
playing repeated network interdiction games	semi-bandit feedback
Implicit Learning of Common Sense for Reasoning.
implicit learning	common sense
Dependency Clustering of Mixed Data with Gaussian Mixture Copulas.
gaussian mixture copulas	dependency clustering	mixed data
CCR - A Content-Collaborative Reciprocal Recommender for Online Dating.
content-collaborative reciprocal recommender	online dating
Consistency Measures for Feature Selection: A Formal Definition, Relative Sensitivity Comparison, and a Fast Algorithm.
relative sensitivity comparison	fast algorithm	consistency measures	feature selection	formal definition
Demo: Assisting Visually Impaired People Navigate Indoors.
assisting visually impaired people navigate indoors
Phonetic Models for Generating Spelling Variants.
generating spelling variants	phonetic models
Promoting Public Deliberation in Low Trust Environments: Australian Use Cases.
low trust environments	promoting public deliberation
Exposing a Set of Fine-Grained Emotion Categories from Tweets.
fine-grained emotion categories
Coupled Marginalized Auto-Encoders for Cross-Domain Multi-View Learning.
coupled marginalized auto-encoders	cross-domain multi-view learning
Real-Time Web Scale Event Summarization Using Sequential Decision Making.
real-time web scale event summarization	sequential decision making
Proceedings of the 3rd International Workshop on Neural-Symbolic Learning and Reasoning, NeSy'07, held at IJCAI-07, Hyderabad, India, January 8, 2007
3rd international workshop	neural-symbolic learning
Learning Compact Visual Representation with Canonical Views for Robust Mobile Landmark Search.
learning compact visual representation	robust mobile landmark search	canonical views
Feature Learning for Activity Recognition in Ubiquitous Computing.
ubiquitous computing	activity recognition	feature learning
On the Utility of Curricula in Unsupervised Learning of Probabilistic Grammars.
probabilistic grammars	unsupervised learning
Circumscriptive Event Calculus as Answer Set Programming.
circumscriptive event calculus	answer set programming
Exploration of Tree-based Hierarchical Softmax for Recurrent Language Models.
tree-based hierarchical softmax	recurrent language models
Collective Semantic Role Labeling for Tweets with Clustering.
collective semantic role labeling
StarVars - Effective Reasoning about Relative Directions.
relative directions	effective reasoning
Generating Models of a Matched Formula With a Polynomial Delay (Extended Abstract).
matched formula	extended abstract	polynomial delay	generating models
CHARDA: Causal Hybrid Automata Recovery via Dynamic Analysis.
causal hybrid automata recovery	dynamic analysis
Robust Distance Metric Learning with Auxiliary Knowledge.
robust distance metric learning	auxiliary knowledge
Multi-Relational Learning with Gaussian Processes.
multi-relational learning	gaussian processes
Word-Error Correction of Continuous Speech Recognition Based on Normalized Relevance Distance.
continuous speech recognition based	normalized relevance distance	word-error correction
Towards Reasoning about the Past in Neural-symbolic Systems.
neural-symbolic systems
ADL™: A Topic Model for Discovery of Activities of Daily Living in a Smart Home.
smart home	topic model	daily living
Fast Linearization of Tree Kernels over Large-Scale Data.
fast linearization	tree kernels	large-scale data
Improved Bounded Matrix Completion for Large-Scale Recommender Systems.
improved bounded matrix completion	large-scale recommender systems
Multi-Armed Bandits for Adaptive Constraint Propagation.
adaptive constraint propagation	multi-armed bandits
Dominance Rules for the Choquet Integral in Multiobjective Dynamic Programming.
multiobjective dynamic programming	dominance rules	choquet integral
Robust Domain Generalisation by Enforcing Distribution Invariance.
enforcing distribution invariance	robust domain generalisation
Proceedings of the Joint Ontology Workshops 2015 Episode 1: The Argentine Winter of Ontology co-located with the 24th International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI 2015), Buenos Aires, Argentina, July 25-27, 2015.
24th international joint conference	joint ontology workshops 2015 episode 1	ontology co-located	buenos aires	july 25-27	argentine winter	artificial intelligence
Predicting Globally and Locally: A Comparison of Methods for Vehicle Trajectory Prediction.
vehicle trajectory prediction	predicting globally
Efficient and Complete FD-solving for extended array constraints.
extended array constraints	complete fd-solving
Design of a Extraction System for Definitional Contexts from Biomedical Corpora.
definitional contexts	biomedical corpora	extraction system
Optimizing Simple Tabular Reduction with a Bitwise Representation.
optimizing simple tabular reduction	bitwise representation
Robust Human-Computer Interaction System Guiding a User by Providing Feedback.
robust human-computer interaction system guiding	providing feedback
Complexity of Pure Equilibria in Bayesian Games.
pure equilibria	bayesian games
Speeding Up Exact Solutions of Interactive Dynamic Influence Diagrams Using Action Equivalence.
interactive dynamic influence diagrams	action equivalence	exact solutions
Description Logic TBoxes: Model-Theoretic Characterizations and Rewritability.
description logic tboxes	model-theoretic characterizations
A Logic for Coalitions with Bounded Resources.
bounded resources
Game Engine Learning from Video.
game engine learning
Hybrid Elections Broaden Complexity-Theoretic Resistance to Control.
hybrid elections broaden complexity-theoretic resistance
Learning to Rank under Multiple Annotators.
multiple annotators
Online Mechanisms for Charging Electric Vehicles in Settings with Varying Marginal Electricity Costs.
varying marginal electricity costs	charging electric vehicles	online mechanisms
From Sampling to Model Counting.
model counting
Privacy Preserving Plans in Partially Observable Environments.
partially observable environments	privacy preserving plans
A New Trajectory Deformation Algorithm Based on Affine Transformations.
trajectory deformation algorithm based	affine transformations
Multidimensional Mereotopology with Betweenness.
multidimensional mereotopology
Characterizability in Belief Revision.
belief revision
A Multicore Tool for Constraint Solving.
multicore tool	constraint solving
Klint: Assisting Integration of Heterogeneous Knowledge.
assisting integration	heterogeneous knowledge
Conservative Extensions in Expressive Description Logics.
expressive description logics	conservative extensions
A Trust and Reputation Model for Supply Chain Management.
supply chain management	reputation model
Are Spiking Neural Networks Useful for Classifying and Early Recognition of Spatio-Temporal Patterns?.
spiking neural networks	spatio-temporal patterns	early recognition
An End-to-End System for Accomplishing Tasks with Modular Robots: Perspectives for the AI community.
ai community	modular robots	accomplishing tasks	end-to-end system
Convolutional Neural Tensor Network Architecture for Community-Based Question Answering.
convolutional neural tensor network architecture	community-based question answering
Knowledge Compilation Meets Communication Complexity.
knowledge compilation meets communication complexity
Semantic Framework for Industrial Analytics and Diagnostics.
industrial analytics	semantic framework
Multi-View Matrix Decomposition: A New Scheme for Exploring Discriminative Information.
exploring discriminative information	multi-view matrix decomposition
Online Robust Low-Rank Tensor Learning.
online robust low-rank tensor learning
Finding Robust Solutions to Stable Marriage.
finding robust solutions	stable marriage
Expressive Power-Based Resource Allocation for Data Centers.
expressive power-based resource allocation	data centers
Incentivizing Intelligent Customer Behavior in Smart-Grids: A Risk-Sharing Tariff & Optimal Strategies.
risk-sharing tariff & optimal strategies	incentivizing intelligent customer behavior
Representation Learning for Measuring Entity Relatedness with Rich Information.
measuring entity relatedness	representation learning	rich information
Sparse Bayesian Content-Aware Collaborative Filtering for Implicit Feedback.
sparse bayesian content-aware collaborative filtering	implicit feedback
Using Task Features for Zero-Shot Knowledge Transfer in Lifelong Learning.
zero-shot knowledge transfer	lifelong learning	task features
Learning Cross-View Binary Identities for Fast Person Re-Identification.
learning cross-view binary identities	fast person re-identification
A Case-Based Solution to the Cold-Start Problem in Group Recommenders.
case-based solution	group recommenders	cold-start problem
Using Gaussian Spatial Processes to Model and Predict Interests in Museum Exhibits.
gaussian spatial processes	predict interests	museum exhibits
The Game-Theoretic Interaction Index on Social Networks with Applications to Link Prediction and Community Detection.
game-theoretic interaction index	link prediction	social networks	community detection
The Complexity of Model Checking Succinct Multiagent Systems.
model checking succinct multiagent systems
Fair and Efficient Social Choice in Dynamic Settings.
efficient social choice	dynamic settings
Quantized Correlation Hashing for Fast Cross-Modal Search.
fast cross-modal search	quantized correlation hashing
Prior-Based Dual Additive Latent Dirichlet Allocation for User-Item Connected Documents.
prior-based dual additive latent dirichlet allocation	user-item connected documents
An Approximation Algorithm for the Subpath Planning Problem.
subpath planning problem	approximation algorithm
Only Knowing Meets Common Knowledge.
knowing meets common knowledge
Cross-Domain Collaborative Filtering with Review Text.
cross-domain collaborative filtering	review text
Assessing the Resilience of Socio-Ecosystems: Coupling Viability Theory and Active Learning with kd-Trees. Application to Bilingual Societies.
coupling viability theory	active learning	bilingual societies
An Agent-Oriented Software Engineering Methodology to Develop Adaptive Virtual Organizations.
agent-oriented software engineering methodology	develop adaptive virtual organizations
Structural Symmetries for Fully Observable Nondeterministic Planning.
fully observable nondeterministic planning	structural symmetries
AstonCAT-Plus: An Efficient Specialist for the TAC Market Design Tournament.
tac market design tournament	efficient specialist
A New d-DNNF-Based Bound Computation Algorithm for Functional E-MAJSAT.
d-dnnf-based bound computation algorithm	functional e-majsat
Efficient Search with an Ensemble of Heuristics.
efficient search
KBQA: An Online Template Based Question Answering System over Freebase.
online template based question answering system
A Soft Version of Predicate Invention Based on Structured Sparsity.
predicate invention based	soft version	structured sparsity
A Characterization of the Semantics of Logic Programs with Aggregates.
logic programs
Efficient Learning in Linearly Solvable MDP Models.
linearly solvable mdp models	efficient learning
Neural Network Translation Models for Grammatical Error Correction.
neural network translation models	grammatical error correction
Policies that Generalize: Solving Many Planning Problems with the Same Policy.
planning problems
Cost-Aware Pre-Training for Multiclass Cost-Sensitive Deep Learning.
multiclass cost-sensitive deep learning	cost-aware pre-training
Building Structure into Local Search for SAT.
local search	building structure
Observability, Identifiability and Sensitivity of Vision-Aided Inertial Navigation.
vision-aided inertial navigation
Efficient Approach to Solve the Minimal Labeling Problem of Temporal and Spatial Qualitative Constraints.
spatial qualitative constraints	minimal labeling problem	efficient approach
Multi-Task Model and Feature Joint Learning.
feature joint learning	multi-task model
Improving Morphology Induction by Learning Spelling Rules.
improving morphology induction	learning spelling rules
Identifying Useful Human Correction Feedback from an On-Line Machine Translation Service.
on-line machine translation service	human correction feedback
Semi-Supervised Learning from a Translation Model between Data Distributions.
semi-supervised learning	translation model	data distributions
Greedy Algorithms for Sequential Sensing Decisions.
sequential sensing decisions	greedy algorithms
Subtree Mining for Question Classification Problem.
question classification problem	subtree mining
Predicting Epidemic Tendency through Search Behavior Analysis.
search behavior analysis	predicting epidemic tendency
On Truthful Mechanisms for Maximin Share Allocations.
maximin share allocations	truthful mechanisms
Deep Multiple Instance Hashing for Object-based Image Retrieval.
deep multiple instance hashing	object-based image retrieval
Temporal Description Logic for Ontology-Based Data Access.
temporal description logic	ontology-based data access
Quantifying Aspect Bias in Ordinal Ratings using a Bayesian Approach.
quantifying aspect bias	ordinal ratings	bayesian approach
Who to Invite Next? Predicting Invitees of Social Groups.
predicting invitees	social groups
Recent Progress in Heuristic Search: A Case Study of the Four-Peg Towers of Hanoi Problem.
recent progress	four-peg towers	heuristic search	hanoi problem	case study
Teaching Robots through Situated Interactive Dialogue and Visual Demonstrations.
situated interactive dialogue	visual demonstrations	teaching robots
Unsupervised Learning of an IS-A Taxonomy from a Limited Domain-Specific Corpus.
limited domain-specific corpus	unsupervised learning
Symmetries and Lazy Clause Generation.
lazy clause generation
Rolling Dispersion and Exploration for Robot Teams.
rolling dispersion	robot teams
A Polynomial Time Optimal Algorithm for Robot-Human Search under Uncertainty.
polynomial time optimal algorithm	robot-human search
Building a Fuzzy System for Opinion Classification Across Different Domains.
opinion classification	fuzzy system
Knowledge Base Completion Using Embeddings and Rules.
knowledge base completion
Scalable Segment Abstraction Method for Advertising Campaign Admission and Inventory Allocation Optimization.
scalable segment abstraction method	inventory allocation optimization	advertising campaign admission
Manipulation in Group Argument Evaluation.
group argument evaluation
Mechanism Design for Double Auctions with Temporal Constraints.
double auctions	temporal constraints	mechanism design
The Economics of Crypto-democracy.
economics
To Project More or to Quantize More: Minimize Reconstruction Bias for Learning Compact Binary Codes.
learning compact binary codes	minimize reconstruction bias
Democracy Models and Civic Technologies: Tensions, Trilemmas, and Trade-offs.
civic technologies	democracy models
Translating First-Order Theories into Logic Programs.
translating first-order theories	logic programs
Generalising the Interaction Rules in Probabilistic Logic.
probabilistic logic	interaction rules
Portfolio Blending via Thompson Sampling.
portfolio blending	thompson sampling
Distance Based Modeling of Interactions in Structured Regression.
distance based modeling	structured regression
Walking the Complexity Lines for Generalized Guarded Existential Rules.
generalized guarded existential rules	complexity lines
Student-t Process Regression with Student-t Likelihood.
process regression
Reasoning about Fuzzy Belief and Common Belief: With Emphasis on Incomparable Beliefs.
incomparable beliefs	fuzzy belief	common belief
Bayesian Joint Inversions for the Exploration of Earth Resources.
bayesian joint inversions	earth resources
Slogans Are Not Forever: Adapting Linguistic Expressions to the News.
adapting linguistic expressions
Truthfulness of a Proportional Sharing Mechanism in Resource Exchange.
proportional sharing mechanism	resource exchange
Lazy Associative Graph Classification.
lazy associative graph classification
Logistic Markov Decision Processes.
logistic markov decision processes
Autonomous Cross-Domain Knowledge Transfer in Lifelong Policy Gradient Reinforcement Learning.
lifelong policy gradient reinforcement learning	autonomous cross-domain knowledge transfer
Two Issues for an Ambient Reminding System: Context-Awareness and User Feedback.
ambient reminding system	user feedback
Non-Negative Multiple Matrix Factorization.
non-negative multiple matrix factorization
Deep Feature Learning Using Target Priors with Applications in ECoG Signal Decoding for BCI.
ecog signal decoding	deep feature learning	target priors
Exploiting Decomposition on Constraint Problems with High Tree-Width.
high tree-width	constraint problems	exploiting decomposition
Efficient Dominant Point Algorithms for the Multiple Longest Common Subsequence (MLCS) Problem.
efficient dominant point algorithms	multiple longest common subsequence
Open Information Extraction: The Second Generation.
open information extraction
GUARDS - Innovative Application of Game Theory for National Airport Security.
national airport security	innovative application	game theory
Constraint Partitioning for Solving Planning Problems with Trajectory Constraints and Goal Preferences.
solving planning problems	constraint partitioning	goal preferences	trajectory constraints
Matrix Co-Factorization on Compressed Sensing.
matrix co-factorization	compressed sensing
Lambda Depth-First Proof Number Search and Its Application to Go.
proof number search	lambda depth-
The Complexity of Learning Separable ceteris paribus Preferences.
learning separable ceteris paribus preferences
Ontology-Mediated Query Answering: Harnessing Knowledge to Get More from Data.
ontology-mediated query answering	harnessing knowledge
Adapting K-Nearest Neighbor for Tag Recommendation in Folksonomies.
adapting k-nearest neighbor	tag recommendation
On Modeling Multiagent Task Scheduling as a Distributed Constraint Optimization Problem.
modeling multiagent task scheduling	distributed constraint optimization problem
Bag-of-Embeddings for Text Classification.
text classification
Uniform Convergence, Stability and Learnability for Ranking Problems.
uniform convergence	ranking problems
Manipulating Boolean Games through Communication.
manipulating boolean games
Optimal Escape Interdiction on Transportation Networks.
optimal escape interdiction	transportation networks
Exploring Implicit Hierarchical Structures for Recommender Systems.
exploring implicit hierarchical structures	recommender systems
Mixing Search Strategies for Multi-Player Games.
mixing search strategies	multi-player games
Asynchronous Accelerated Stochastic Gradient Descent.
asynchronous accelerated stochastic gradient descent
Filtering Nogoods Lazily in Dynamic Symmetry Breaking During Search.
filtering nogoods lazily	dynamic symmetry breaking
Flexible Execution of Partial Order Plans With Temporal Constraints.
partial order plans	flexible execution	temporal constraints
A General Notion of Equivalence for Abstract Argumentation.
abstract argumentation	general notion
Modelling High-Dimensional Sequences with LSTM-RTRBM: Application to Polyphonic Music Generation.
polyphonic music generation	modelling high-dimensional sequences
Toward Estimating Others' Transition Models Under Occlusion for Multi-Robot IRL.
multi-robot irl	transition models
Exploiting k-Degree Locality to Improve Overlapping Community Detection.
improve overlapping community detection	exploiting k-degree locality
Understanding and Exploiting Language Diversity.
exploiting language diversity
Human Activity Encoding and Recognition Using Low-level Visual Features.
human activity encoding	low-level visual features
Qualitative Reasoning about Directions in Semantic Spaces.
qualitative reasoning	semantic spaces
Market Based Resource Allocation with Incomplete Information.
market based resource allocation	incomplete information
Factored Planning Using Decomposition Trees.
decomposition trees	factored planning
Using Multiple Models to Understand Data.
multiple models	understand data
Analogical Learning in a Turn-Based Strategy Game.
turn-based strategy game	analogical learning
Generalized Transitive Distance with Minimum Spanning Random Forest.
minimum spanning random forest	generalized transitive distance
Detecting and Tracking Disease Outbreaks by Mining Social Media Data.
mining social media data	tracking disease outbreaks
Bayesian Nonparametric Collaborative Topic Poisson Factorization for Electronic Health Records-Based Phenotyping.
bayesian nonparametric collaborative topic poisson factorization	electronic health records-based phenotyping
Household Structure Analysis via Hawkes Processes for Enhancing Energy Disaggregation.
household structure analysis	enhancing energy disaggregation	hawkes processes
Expressivity of Datalog Variants - Completing the Picture.
datalog variants
An Empirical Investigation of Ceteris Paribus Learnability.
ceteris paribus learnability	empirical investigation
Semi-Supervised Classification on Evolutionary Data.
evolutionary data	semi-supervised classification
Unsupervised Alignment of Actions in Video with Text Descriptions.
unsupervised alignment	text descriptions
Identifying Influential Users' Professions via the Microblogs They Forward.
identifying influential users
Towards Robust Co-Clustering.
robust co-clustering
Induction of Interpretable Possibilistic Logic Theories from Relational Data.
interpretable possibilistic logic theories	relational data
Monte-Carlo Exploration for Deterministic Planning.
deterministic planning	monte-carlo exploration
Dealing with Multiple Classes in Online Class Imbalance Learning.
online class imbalance learning	multiple classes
Just-In-Time Compilation of Knowledge Bases.
just-in-time compilation	knowledge bases
Learning Behaviors in Agents Systems with Interactive Dynamic Influence Diagrams.
interactive dynamic influence diagrams	learning behaviors	agents systems
Fast Stochastic Variance Reduced ADMM for Stochastic Composition Optimization.
fast stochastic variance reduced admm	stochastic composition optimization
Regression Model Fitting under Differential Privacy and Model Inversion Attack.
regression model fitting	model inversion attack	differential privacy
Computer Models Solving Intelligence Test Problems: Progress and Implications (Extended Abstract).
computer models solving intelligence test problems	extended abstract
Learning "Forgiving" Hash Functions: Algorithms and Large Scale Tests.
large scale tests	hash functions
Learning Context-Sensitive Word Embeddings with Neural Tensor Skip-Gram Model.
learning context-sensitive word embeddings	neural tensor skip-gram model
Advances in Ambient Intelligence [best papers from AITamI@IJCAI 2007, Hyderabad, India, January 2007].
aitami@ijcai 2007	ambient intelligence [
Learning to Follow Navigational Route Instructions.
follow navigational route instructions
A Syntax-based Framework for Merging Imprecise Probabilistic Logic Programs.
merging imprecise probabilistic logic programs	syntax-based framework
Logic-Geometric Programming: An Optimization-Based Approach to Combined Task and Motion Planning.
combined task	motion planning	optimization-based approach	logic-geometric programming
Soft Margin Consistency Based Scalable Multi-View Maximum Entropy Discrimination.
soft margin consistency based scalable multi-view maximum entropy discrimination
Voting-Based Group Formation.
voting-based group formation
Multi-Source Iterative Adaptation for Cross-Domain Classification.
multi-source iterative adaptation	cross-domain classification
Towards Convolutional Neural Networks Compression via Global Error Reconstruction.
convolutional neural networks compression	global error reconstruction
Better Strategyproof Mechanisms without Payments or Prior - An Analytic Approach.
analytic approach	strategyproof mechanisms
SLIM: Semi-Lazy Inference Mechanism for Plan Recognition.
semi-lazy inference mechanism	plan recognition
Collaborative Filtering With Adaptive Information Sources (Short Paper).
adaptive information sources	short paper	collaborative filtering
Extending AGM Contraction to Arbitrary Logics.
extending agm contraction	arbitrary logics
Constrained Preference Embedding for Item Recommendation.
constrained preference embedding	item recommendation
Towards Fully Observable Non-Deterministic Planning as Assumption-based Automatic Synthesis.
fully observable non-deterministic planning	assumption-based automatic synthesis
Abstraction Heuristics for Symbolic Bidirectional Search.
symbolic bidirectional search	abstraction heuristics
On the Empirical Time Complexity of Random 3-SAT at the Phase Transition.
empirical time complexity	random 3-sat	phase transition
On the Complexity of Learning from Label Proportions.
label proportions
Statement of Thesis Research: Multi-Robot Sampling Strategies for Large-Scale Oceanographic Experiments.
multi-robot sampling strategies	large-scale oceanographic experiments	thesis research
Semi-Supervised Classification Using Sparse Gaussian Process Regression.
sparse gaussian process regression	semi-supervised classification
Compiling Away Uncertainty in Strong Temporal Planning with Uncontrollable Durations.
strong temporal planning	uncontrollable durations
Potential Based Reward Shaping for Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning.
potential based reward shaping	hierarchical reinforcement learning
Probabilistic Consistency Boosts MAC and SAC.
probabilistic consistency boosts mac
Collaborative Multi-Level Embedding Learning from Reviews for Rating Prediction.
collaborative multi-level embedding learning	rating prediction
Semi-Supervised Structuring of Complex Data.
semi-supervised structuring	complex data
Multi-Prototype Label Ranking with Novel Pairwise-to-Total-Rank Aggregation.
multi-prototype label ranking	pairwise-to-total-rank aggregation
A Neural Architecture for Reasoning, Decision-making, and Episiodic Memory: Taking a Cue from the Brain (Abstract of Invited Talk).
neural architecture	episiodic memory	invited talk
Understanding Information Diffusion under Interactions.
understanding information diffusion
Is the Turing Test Good Enough? The Fallacy of Resource-Unbounded Intelligence.
turing test good	resource-unbounded intelligence
Semi-Supervised Learning for Multi-Component Data Classification.
multi-component data classification	semi-supervised learning
Retaining Data from Streams of Social Platforms with Minimal Regret.
retaining data	minimal regret	social platforms
Compressive Document Summarization via Sparse Optimization.
compressive document summarization	sparse optimization
Succinctness of Epistemic Languages.
epistemic languages
Bi-Parameter Space Partition for Cost-Sensitive SVM.
bi-parameter space partition	cost-sensitive svm
Graph Construction for Semi-Supervised Learning.
graph construction	semi-supervised learning
Asymptotic Optimality of Myopic Optimization in Trial-Offer Markets with Social Influence.
myopic optimization	asymptotic optimality	social influence	trial-offer markets
Generative Structure Learning for Markov Logic Networks Based on Graph of Predicates.
markov logic networks based	generative structure learning
Forgetting in Multi-Agent Modal Logics.
multi-agent modal logics
Learning Multi-faceted Knowledge Graph Embeddings for Natural Language Processing.
learning multi-faceted knowledge graph embeddings	natural language processing
Stochastic Multiresolution Persistent Homology Kernel.
stochastic multiresolution persistent homology kernel
On the Progression of Knowledge and Belief for Nondeterministic Actions in the Situation Calculus.
situation calculus	nondeterministic actions
Word Clouds with Latent Variable Analysis for Visual Comparison of Documents.
latent variable analysis	word clouds	visual comparison
Automatic Construction and Evaluation of a Large Semantically Enriched Wikipedia.
large semantically enriched wikipedia	automatic construction
Evaluating Strategies for Running from the Cops.
evaluating strategies
Estimating the Rate of Web Page Updates.
web page updates
Improving Performance of Topic Models by Variable Grouping.
topic models	improving performance	variable grouping
Probably Approximately Correct Learning in Stochastic Games with Temporal Logic Specifications.
temporal logic specifications	approximately correct learning	stochastic games
Automated Synthesis of Timed Failure Propagation Graphs.
timed failure propagation graphs	automated synthesis
Deep Supervised Hashing with Nonlinear Projections.
deep supervised hashing	nonlinear projections
Visual Scenes Clustering Using Variational Incremental Learning of Infinite Generalized Dirichlet Mixture Models.
infinite generalized dirichlet mixture models	visual scenes clustering	variational incremental learning
Evaluating Abductive Hypotheses using an EM Algorithm on BDDs.
evaluating abductive hypotheses	em algorithm
FastLCD: Fast Label Coordinate Descent for the Efficient Optimization of 2D Label MRFs.
fast label coordinate descent	2d label mrfs	efficient optimization
Image-embodied Knowledge Representation Learning.
image-embodied knowledge representation learning
Formalizing Communication Protocols for Multiagent Systems.
formalizing communication protocols	multiagent systems
Editorial.
editorial
Refining Incomplete Planning Domain Models Through Plan Traces.
refining incomplete planning domain models	plan traces
Computational Properties of Resolution-based Grounded Semantics.
resolution-based grounded semantics	computational properties
Privileged Multi-label Learning.
privileged multi-label learning
Towards More Expressive Cake Cutting.
expressive cake cutting
A Logical Formulation for Negotiation among Dishonest Agents.
logical formulation	dishonest agents
Robust Survey Aggregation with Student-t Distribution and Sparse Representation.
robust survey aggregation	sparse representation
Coco: Runtime Reasoning about Conflicting Commitments.
runtime reasoning	conflicting commitments
A Fixed-Parameter Tractable Algorithm for Spatio-Temporal Calendar Management.
spatio-temporal calendar management	fixed-parameter tractable algorithm
A Trust Prediction Approach Capturing Agents' Dynamic Behavior.
trust prediction approach capturing agents	dynamic behavior
DISA: A Scientific Writing Advisor with Deep Information Structure Analysis.
deep information structure analysis	scientific writing advisor
Generalizing Temporal Controllability.
generalizing temporal controllability
Learning Semantic Descriptions of Web Information Sources.
learning semantic descriptions	web information sources
Relational Random Forests Based on Random Relational Rules.
relational random forests based	random relational rules
A Convolutional Approach for Misinformation Identification.
misinformation identification	convolutional approach
Maximum Satisfiability Using Cores and Correction Sets.
correction sets	maximum satisfiability
A Visual Approach to Sketched Symbol Recognition.
sketched symbol recognition	visual approach
The Role of Macros in Tractable Planning over Causal Graphs.
causal graphs	tractable planning
Supervised Hypothesis Discovery Using Syllogistic Patterns in the Biomedical Literature.
supervised hypothesis discovery	biomedical literature	syllogistic patterns
Concept Sampling: Towards Systematic Selection in Large-Scale Mixed Concepts in Machine Learning.
large-scale mixed concepts	systematic selection	concept sampling	machine learning
Generalized Biwords for Bitext Compression and Translation Spotting: Extended Abstract.
extended abstract	generalized biwords	bitext compression	translation spotting
Cross-Domain Recommendation: An Embedding and Mapping Approach.
mapping approach	cross-domain recommendation
Numeric Planning via Abstraction and Policy Guided Search.
policy guided search	numeric planning
Enhancing Search Results with Semantic Annotation Using Augmented Browsing.
enhancing search results	semantic annotation	augmented browsing
Delete Relaxations for Planning with State-Dependent Action Costs.
state-dependent action costs	delete relaxations
Functional Stable Model Semantics and Answer Set Programming Modulo Theories.
answer set programming modulo theories	functional stable model semantics
Querying Data Graphs with Arithmetical Regular Expressions.
arithmetical regular expressions	querying data graphs
Extending Decidable Cases for Rules with Existential Variables.
extending decidable cases	existential variables
Weakly Supervised RBM for Semantic Segmentation.
weakly supervised rbm	semantic segmentation
The Complexity of Manipulative Attacks in Nearly Single-Peaked Electorates (Extended Abstract).
manipulative attacks	single-peaked electorates	extended abstract
Graph Decomposition for Efficient Multi-Robot Path Planning.
efficient multi-robot path planning	graph decomposition
A Dictatorship Theorem for Cake Cutting.
cake cutting	dictatorship theorem
Swift: Compiled Inference for Probabilistic Programming Languages.
probabilistic programming languages	compiled inference
Learning Sparse Representations in Reinforcement Learning with Sparse Coding.
learning sparse representations	sparse coding	reinforcement learning
Reinforcement mechanism design.
reinforcement mechanism design
Multi-Graph-View Learning for Complicated Object Classification.
complicated object classification	multi-graph-view learning
AToM: An Analogical Theory of Mind.
analogical theory
Exploiting Block Deordering for Improving Planners Efficiency.
improving planners efficiency	exploiting block deordering
Revisiting Preferences and Argumentation.
revisiting preferences
Improving Topic Model Stability for Effective Document Exploration.
improving topic model stability	effective document exploration
Semantic Smoothing of Document Models for Agglomerative Clustering.
semantic smoothing	agglomerative clustering	document models
Constraint Detection in Natural Language Problem Descriptions.
natural language problem descriptions	constraint detection
On the Automatic Scoring of Handwritten Essays.
handwritten essays	automatic scoring
A Neural Model for Joint Event Detection and Summarization.
joint event detection	neural model
Mechanism Design and Implementation for Lung Exchange.
lung exchange	mechanism design
Social Spammer Detection in Microblogging.
social spammer detection
Latent Variable Perceptron Algorithm for Structured Classification.
latent variable perceptron algorithm	structured classification
On the Investigation of Similarity Measures for Product Resolution.
product resolution	similarity measures
Towards an MDD-based Representation of Preferences.
mdd-based representation
POISketch: Semantic Place Labeling over User Activity Streams.
user activity streams	semantic place labeling
Canadian Traveler Problem with Remote Sensing.
canadian traveler problem	remote sensing
Iterative Flattening Search for the Flexible Job Shop Scheduling Problem.
flexible job shop scheduling problem	iterative flattening search
Model-Based Genetic Algorithms for Algorithm Configuration.
model-based genetic algorithms	algorithm configuration
On the Balance of Meter Deployment Cost and NILM Accuracy.
meter deployment cost	nilm accuracy
Improvements of Symmetry Breaking During Search.
symmetry breaking
Spectral Kernel Learning for Semi-Supervised Classification.
spectral kernel learning	semi-supervised classification
Joint Models for Extracting Adverse Drug Events from Biomedical Text.
extracting adverse drug events	joint models	biomedical text
Efficient Algorithms with Performance Guarantees for the Stochastic Multiple-Choice Knapsack Problem.
stochastic multiple-choice knapsack problem	efficient algorithms	performance guarantees
Approximate Value Iteration with Temporally Extended Actions (Extended Abstract).
temporally extended actions	extended abstract
On Combining Side Information and Unlabeled Data for Heterogeneous Multi-Task Metric Learning.
heterogeneous multi-task metric learning	combining side information	unlabeled data
Combining DL-Lite_{bool}^N with Branching Time: A gentle Marriage.
combining dl-lite_{bool}^	gentle marriage	branching time
Incorporating Expert Judgement into Bayesian Network Machine Learning.
bayesian network machine learning	incorporating expert judgement
Exploiting Independence in a Decentralised and Incremental Approach of Diagnosis.
exploiting independence	incremental approach
Regional Concept Drift Detection and Density Synchronized Drift Adaptation.
regional concept drift detection	density synchronized drift adaptation
Automatic Generation of Raven's Progressive Matrices.
automatic generation	progressive matrices
Discovering Deformable Motifs in Continuous Time Series Data.
continuous time series data	discovering deformable motifs
Strategy Representation and Reasoning for Incomplete Information Concurrent Games in the Situation Calculus.
incomplete information concurrent games	strategy representation	situation calculus
Case-Based Techniques Used for Dialogue Understanding and Planning in a Human-Robot Dialogue System.
human-robot dialogue system	dialogue understanding	case-based techniques
Incremental Matrix Factorization: A Linear Feature Transformation Perspective.
linear feature transformation perspective	incremental matrix factorization
Feature Selection via Joint Embedding Learning and Sparse Regression.
joint embedding learning	feature selection	sparse regression
Proceedings of the Workshop on Bridging the Gap between Human and Automated Reasoning co-located with 25th International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI 2016), New York, USA, July 9, 2016.
25th international joint conference	automated reasoning co-located	artificial intelligence
Positive Subsumption in Fuzzy EL with General t-Norms.
general t-norms	positive subsumption	fuzzy el
Graph Invariant Kernels.
graph invariant kernels
Imperfect Querying through Womb Grammars plus Ontologies.
womb grammars	imperfect querying
An Adaptive Computational Model for Personalized Persuasion.
adaptive computational model	personalized persuasion
Learning Graphical Game Models.
learning graphical game models
A Common-Sense Conceptual Categorization System Integrating Heterogeneous Proxytypes and the Dual Process of Reasoning.
common-sense conceptual categorization system integrating heterogeneous proxytypes	dual process
Improved Strong Worst-case Upper Bounds for MDP Planning.
improved strong worst-case upper bounds	mdp planning
A Dynamic Logic of Normative Systems.
dynamic logic	normative systems
Simulating Human Inferences in the Light of New Information: A Formal Analysis.
simulating human inferences	formal analysis
Algorithm Portfolios Based on Cost-Sensitive Hierarchical Clustering.
algorithm portfolios based	cost-sensitive hierarchical clustering
Revisiting Output Coding for Sequential Supervised Learning.
revisiting output coding	sequential supervised learning
Robust Kernel Dictionary Learning Using a Whole Sequence Convergent Algorithm.
robust kernel dictionary learning	sequence convergent algorithm
Conditional Restricted Boltzmann Machines for Negotiations in Highly Competitive and Complex Domains.
conditional restricted boltzmann machines	highly competitive	complex domains
Score Aggregation via Spectral Method.
spectral method	score aggregation
Multi-Document Summarization by Maximizing Informative Content-Words.
maximizing informative content-words	multi-document summarization
Using Knowledge Representation and Reasoning Tools in the Design of Robots.
reasoning tools	knowledge representation
Sequence Labelling in Structured Domains with Hierarchical Recurrent Neural Networks.
hierarchical recurrent neural networks	structured domains	sequence labelling
Socialized Word Embeddings.
socialized word embeddings
Tractable Classes of Binary CSPs Defined by Excluded Topological Minors.
binary csps defined	excluded topological minors	tractable classes
Fast Cross-Validation for Incremental Learning.
incremental learning	fast cross-validation
Metric Properties of Structured Data Visualizations through Generative Probabilistic Modeling.
structured data visualizations	generative probabilistic modeling	metric properties
Constructing Abstraction Hierarchies Using a Skill-Symbol Loop.
constructing abstraction hierarchies	skill-symbol loop
Handling Noise in Boolean Matrix Factorization.
boolean matrix factorization	handling noise
Modeling Inter- and Intra-Part Deformations for Object Structure Parsing.
object structure parsing	intra-part deformations	modeling inter-
Past IJCAI Conferences.
past ijcai conferences
Intelligent Belief State Sampling for Conformant Planning.
intelligent belief state sampling	conformant planning
Probabilistic State Translation in Extensive Games with Large Action Sets.
large action sets	probabilistic state translation	extensive games
Learning to Count by Think Aloud Imitation.
aloud imitation
On the Consistency of AUC Pairwise Optimization.
auc pairwise optimization
Diverse Neuron Type Selection for Convolutional Neural Networks.
diverse neuron type selection	convolutional neural networks
RAPS: A Recommender Algorithm Based on Pattern Structures.
recommender algorithm based	pattern structures
Multi-Modality Tracker Aggregation: From Generative to Discriminative.
multi-modality tracker aggregation
Robust Online Optimization of Reward-Uncertain MDPs.
robust online optimization	reward-uncertain mdps
Automated Narrative Information Extraction Using Non-Linear Pipelines.
automated narrative information extraction	non-linear pipelines
High Dimensional Bayesian Optimization using Dropout.
high dimensional bayesian optimization
ATUCAPTS: Automated Tests that a User Cannot Pass Twice Simultaneously.
automated tests
Modal Consistency based Pre-Trained Multi-Model Reuse.
modal consistency based pre-trained multi-model reuse
Cultural Diversity for Virtual Characters (Extended Abstract).
cultural diversity	extended abstract	virtual characters
Unsupervised Anomaly Detection.
unsupervised anomaly detection
On Condensing a Sequence of Updates in Answer-Set Programming.
answer-set programming
A Hybrid Approach Based Sentiment Extraction from Medical Context.
hybrid approach based sentiment extraction	medical context
Graph Quality Judgement: A Large Margin Expedition.
graph quality judgement	large margin expedition
Derivative-Free Optimization of High-Dimensional Non-Convex Functions by Sequential Random Embeddings.
sequential random embeddings	high-dimensional non-convex functions	derivative-free optimization
New Canonical Representations by Augmenting OBDDs with Conjunctive Decomposition (Extended Abstract).
canonical representations	extended abstract	conjunctive decomposition	augmenting obdds
Online Fair Division.
online fair division
Relation Regularized Matrix Factorization.
relation regularized matrix factorization
On Consensus Extraction.
consensus extraction
Verifiable Equilibria in Boolean Games.
boolean games	verifiable equilibria
Prediction of Individual Eating Habits Using Short-Term Food Recording.
short-term food recording	individual eating habits
Maximal Cooperation in Repeated Games on Social Networks.
social networks	maximal cooperation	repeated games
Incomplete Multi-Modal Visual Data Grouping.
incomplete multi-modal visual data grouping
An Argumentation-Based Interpreter for Golog Programs.
argumentation-based interpreter	golog programs
A Deterministic Partition Function Approximation for Exponential Random Graph Models.
exponential random graph models	deterministic partition function approximation
Tractable Temporal Reasoning.
tractable temporal reasoning
Minimal Module Extraction from DL-Lite Ontologies Using QBF Solvers.
minimal module extraction	qbf solvers	dl-lite ontologies
Randomized Load Control: A Simple Distributed Approach for Scheduling Smart Appliances.
randomized load control	simple distributed approach	scheduling smart appliances
Robust Subspace Segmentation by Simultaneously Learning Data Representations and Their Affinity Matrix.
simultaneously learning data representations	robust subspace segmentation	affinity matrix
Modeling When Connections Are the Problem.
connections
Knowledge-Grid Modelling for Academic Purposes.
knowledge-grid modelling	academic purposes
Multi-Agent Plan Recognition with Partial Team Traces and Plan Libraries.
partial team traces	multi-agent plan recognition	plan libraries
Coalitional Voting Manipulation: A Game-Theoretic Perspective.
coalitional voting manipulation	game-theoretic perspective
Concerning Referring Expressions in Query Answers.
referring expressions	query answers
An Improved Approximation Algorithm for the Subpath Planning Problem and Its Generalization.
improved approximation algorithm	subpath planning problem
Importance-Aware Semantic Segmentation for Autonomous Driving System.
autonomous driving system	importance-aware semantic segmentation
DDoS Event Forecasting using Twitter Data.
ddos event forecasting	twitter data
Bipartite Graph for Topic Extraction.
topic extraction	bipartite graph
Improved Heuristic and Tie-Breaking for Optimally Solving Sokoban.
optimally solving sokoban	improved heuristic
Posted Pricing sans Discrimination.
posted pricing sans discrimination
Isomorph-Free Branch and Bound Search for Finite State Controllers.
finite state controllers	bound search	isomorph-free branch
A Unified Model for Unsupervised Opinion Spamming Detection Incorporating Text Generality.
unsupervised opinion spamming detection incorporating text generality	unified model
Reasoning about Normative Update.
normative update
Efficient Inference and Computation of Optimal Alternatives for Preference Languages Based On Lexicographic Models.
preference languages based	lexicographic models	efficient inference	optimal alternatives
Link Prediction with Spatial and Temporal Consistency in Dynamic Networks.
link prediction	dynamic networks	temporal consistency
Deep Context: A Neural Language Model for Large-scale Networked Documents.
large-scale networked documents	neural language model	deep context
Crowdsourcing Theorem Proving via Natural Games.
crowdsourcing theorem proving	natural games
Decentralised Coordination of Mobile Sensors Using the Max-Sum Algorithm.
max-sum algorithm	mobile sensors	decentralised coordination
Forecast Oriented Classification of Spatio-Temporal Extreme Events.
spatio-temporal extreme events	forecast oriented classification
Bayesian Dictionary Learning with Gaussian Processes and Sigmoid Belief Networks.
bayesian dictionary learning	sigmoid belief networks	gaussian processes
Trading-Off Cost of Deployment Versus Accuracy in Learning Predictive Models.
deployment versus accuracy	learning predictive models
Simple Training of Dependency Parsers via Structured Boosting.
structured boosting	simple training	dependency parsers
Safe Inductions: An Algebraic Study.
algebraic study	safe inductions
Nash Equilibria and Their Elimination in Resource Games.
resource games	nash equilibria
Attentional Factorization Machines: Learning the Weight of Feature Interactions via Attention Networks.
attentional factorization machines	attention networks	feature interactions
Learning Robust Representations for Data Analytics.
learning robust representations	data analytics
Predicting Confusion in Information Visualization from Eye Tracking and Interaction Data.
interaction data	predicting confusion	eye tracking	information visualization
Tactics of Adversarial Attack on Deep Reinforcement Learning Agents.
deep reinforcement learning agents	adversarial attack
Performance Analysis of Online Anticipatory Algorithms for Large Multistage Stochastic Integer Programs.
large multistage stochastic integer programs	online anticipatory algorithms	performance analysis
Appearance Based Recognition Methodology for Recognising Fingerspelling Alphabets.
appearance based recognition methodology	recognising fingerspelling alphabets
M3IC: Maximum Margin Multiple Instance Clustering.
maximum margin multiple instance clustering
Extending NoHR for OWL 2 QL.
extending nohr	owl 2 ql
Object Recognition with Hidden Attributes.
object recognition	hidden attributes
A Dichotomy Theorem on the Existence of Efficient or Neutral Sequential Voting Correspondences.
neutral sequential voting correspondences	dichotomy theorem
Graph-Based Inverse Optimal Control for Robot Manipulation.
graph-based inverse optimal control	robot manipulation
Contextual Default Reasoning.
contextual default reasoning
Predicting the Size of Depth-First Branch and Bound Search Trees.
bound search trees
Pattern Field Classification with Style Normalized Transformation.
pattern field classification	style normalized transformation
Classification and Representation Joint Learning via Deep Networks.
representation joint learning	deep networks
Sensing and Predicting the Pulse of the City through Shared Bicycling.
shared bicycling
Searching for Interacting Features.
interacting features
Responsible Autonomy.
responsible autonomy
Semiring Labelled Decision Diagrams, Revisited: Canonicity and Spatial Efficiency Issues.
semiring labelled decision diagrams	spatial efficiency issues
Learning Efficient Logic Programs.
learning efficient logic programs
Fast Parallel Training of Neural Language Models.
fast parallel training	neural language models
Distribution of UCT and Its Ramifications.
distribution
AGRA: An Analysis-Generation-Ranking Framework for Automatic Abbreviation from Paper Titles.
paper titles	automatic abbreviation	analysis-generation-ranking framework
All Common Subsequences.
common subsequences
Concurrence of Word Concepts in Cooking Recipe Search.
cooking recipe search	word concepts
Decomposition of the Factor Encoding for CSPs.
factor encoding
MATHCHECK: A Math Assistant via a Combination of Computer Algebra Systems and SAT Solvers.
computer algebra systems	math assistant	sat solvers
Open Rights or Secret Risk Assessments? New Challenges for Public Law in an Age of Artificial Intelligence and the Law.
secret risk assessments	open rights	artificial intelligence
Learning Bilingual Lexicons Using the Visual Similarity of Labeled Web Images.
labeled web images	learning bilingual lexicons	visual similarity
Linear Manifold Regularization with Adaptive Graph for Semi-supervised Dimensionality Reduction.
linear manifold regularization	semi-supervised dimensionality reduction	adaptive graph
IJCAI 2011, Proceedings of the 22nd International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence, Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain, July 16-22, 2011
22nd international joint conference	july 16-22	artificial intelligence
Dynamics of Profit-Sharing Games.
profit-sharing games
Event-Detecting Multi-Agent MDPs: Complexity and Constant-Factor Approximations.
event-detecting multi-agent mdps	constant-factor approximations
Dynamic Configuration of Agent Organizations.
agent organizations	dynamic configuration
Human-Guided Machine Learning for Fast and Accurate Network Alarm Triage.
accurate network alarm triage	human-guided machine learning
Multi-Component Nonnegative Matrix Factorization.
multi-component nonnegative matrix factorization
Exploiting Music Play Sequence for Music Recommendation.
exploiting music play sequence	music recommendation
Multi-Pass High-Level Presolving.
multi-pass high-level presolving
On the Properties of GZ-Aggregates in Answer Set Programming.
answer set programming
Demystifying Neural Style Transfer.
demystifying neural style transfer
Diagnosing Multiple Persistent and Intermittent Faults.
diagnosing multiple persistent	intermittent faults
Semantic Question-Answering with Video and Eye-Tracking Data: AI Foundations for Human Visual Perception Driven Cognitive Film Studies.
human visual perception driven cognitive film studies	eye-tracking data	ai foundations	semantic question-answering
Accelerated Local Anomaly Detection via Resolving Attributed Networks.
accelerated local anomaly detection	resolving attributed networks
Joint Feature Selection and Structure Preservation for Domain Adaptation.
joint feature selection	domain adaptation	structure preservation
A Conceptual Graph Approach for the Generation of Referring Expressions.
conceptual graph approach	referring expressions
Toward Rational Deployment of Multiple Heuristics in A.
multiple heuristics	rational deployment
Modeling Contagious Merger and Acquisition via Point Processes with a Profile Regression Prior.
profile regression prior	modeling contagious merger	point processes
FRACTAL: Efficient Fault Isolation Using Active Testing.
efficient fault isolation	active testing
A Multi-Objective Memetic Algorithm for Vehicle Resource Allocation in Sustainable Transportation Planning.
sustainable transportation planning	vehicle resource allocation	multi-objective memetic algorithm
Reasoning with Knowledge, Action and Time in Dynamic and Uncertain Domains.
uncertain domains
Answer Set Programming Modulo Theories and Reasoning about Continuous Changes.
answer set programming modulo theories
How Relevant Are Chess Composition Conventions?
chess composition conventions
How Hard Is It to Control Sequential Elections via the Agenda?
control sequential elections
Incentive Engineering for Boolean Games.
boolean games	incentive engineering
Scale-Adaptive Low-Resolution Person Re-Identification via Learning a Discriminating Surface.
scale-adaptive low-resolution person re-identification	discriminating surface
i, Poet: Automatic Poetry Composition through Recurrent Neural Networks with Iterative Polishing Schema.
automatic poetry composition	recurrent neural networks	iterative polishing schema
Cost-Saving Effect of Crowdsourcing Learning.
crowdsourcing learning	cost-saving effect
When Does Label Propagation Fail? A View from a Network Generative Model.
label propagation fail	network generative model
Exploiting Multi-Modal Interactions: A Unified Framework.
exploiting multi-modal interactions	unified framework
On the Complexity of Enumerating the Extensions of Abstract Argumentation Frameworks.
abstract argumentation frameworks
Ball Ranking Machine for Content-Based Multimedia Retrieval.
content-based multimedia retrieval	ball ranking machine
Uncovering the Formation of Triadic Closure in Social Networks.
triadic closure	social networks
A Generalized Matching Pursuit Approach for Graph-Structured Sparsity.
generalized matching pursuit approach	graph-structured sparsity
Towards Scalable MDP Algorithms.
scalable mdp algorithms
Multi-Kernel Multi-Label Learning with Max-Margin Concept Network.
multi-kernel multi-label learning	max-margin concept network
CTPPL: A Continuous Time Probabilistic Programming Language.
continuous time probabilistic programming language
Recurrent Neural Network for Text Classification with Multi-Task Learning.
recurrent neural network	text classification	multi-task learning
A Decision Procedure for a Fragment of Linear Time Mu-Calculus.
linear time mu-calculus	decision procedure
Making Bound Consistency as Effective as Arc Consistency.
making bound consistency	arc consistency
Fleet Design Optimisation from Historical Data Using Constraint Programming and Large Neighbourhood Search.
large neighbourhood search	fleet design optimisation	constraint programming	historical data
Learning a Ground Truth Ranking Using Noisy Approval Votes.
noisy approval votes	ground truth ranking
Interactive Search with Contextual Navigation Recommendations.
contextual navigation recommendations	interactive search
A Content-Based Method to Enhance Tag Recommendation.
enhance tag recommendation	content-based method
Problem Transformations and Algorithm Selection for CSPs.
algorithm selection	problem transformations
Multi-Modal Bayesian Embeddings for Learning Social Knowledge Graphs.
learning social knowledge graphs	multi-modal bayesian embeddings
Image Gradient-based Joint Direct Visual Odometry for Stereo Camera.
image gradient-based joint direct visual odometry	stereo camera
Embedding-based Representation of Categorical Data by Hierarchical Value Coupling Learning.
coupling learning	embedding-based representation	categorical data
Protein Quaternary Fold Recognition Using Conditional Graphical Models.
protein quaternary fold recognition	conditional graphical models
Group-Strategyproof Irresolute Social Choice Functions.
group-strategyproof irresolute social choice functions
From Non-Convex Aggregates to Monotone Aggregates in ASP.
non-convex aggregates	monotone aggregates
Opportunities or Risks to Reduce Labor in Crowdsourcing Translation? Characterizing Cost versus Quality via a PageRank-HITS Hybrid Model.
characterizing cost versus quality	pagerank-hits hybrid model	crowdsourcing translation	reduce labor
Self-Supervised Aerial Image Analysis for Extracting Parking Lot Structure.
self-supervised aerial image analysis	extracting parking lot structure
Preserving Partial Solutions While Relaxing Constraint Networks.
relaxing constraint networks	preserving partial solutions
A Framework for Recommending Relevant and Diverse Items.
recommending relevant	diverse items
Topic Tracking Model for Analyzing Consumer Purchase Behavior.
analyzing consumer purchase behavior	topic tracking model
Life-Stage Modeling by Customer-Manifold Embedding.
customer-manifold embedding	life-stage modeling
From One Point to a Manifold: Knowledge Graph Embedding for Precise Link Prediction.
precise link prediction	knowledge graph embedding
Pinpointing Influence in Pinterest.
pinpointing influence
Sufficiency-Based Selection Strategy for MCTS.
sufficiency-based selection strategy
MAT: A Multimodal Attentive Translator for Image Captioning.
multimodal attentive translator	image captioning
Stochastic Planning in Large Search Spaces.
large search spaces	stochastic planning
Urban Traffic Control Assisted by AI Planning and Relational Learning.
urban traffic control assisted	relational learning	ai planning
A Classification of First-Order Progressable Action Theories in Situation Calculus.
first-order progressable action theories	situation calculus
The Bag Semantics of Ontology-Based Data Access.
ontology-based data access	bag semantics
Minimum Satisfiability and Its Applications.
minimum satisfiability
A Fusion of Stacking with Dynamic Integration.
dynamic integration
Minimizing Writes in Parallel External Memory Search.
parallel external memory search	minimizing writes
Keep the Decision Tree and Estimate the Class Probabilities Using its Decision Boundary.
decision boundary	class probabilities	decision tree
Trust-Sensitive Belief Revision.
trust-sensitive belief revision
Adaptive Sequential Recommendation Using Context Trees.
adaptive sequential recommendation	context trees
Bi-Weighting Domain Adaptation for Cross-Language Text Classification.
bi-weighting domain adaptation	cross-language text classification
Managed Multi-Context Systems.
managed multi-context systems
Modeling Mention, Context and Entity with Neural Networks for Entity Disambiguation.
modeling mention	neural networks
Depression Detection via Harvesting Social Media: A Multimodal Dictionary Learning Solution.
multimodal dictionary learning solution	harvesting social media	depression detection
Local Search for Balanced Submodular Clusterings.
balanced submodular clusterings	local search
Tree-State Based Rule Selection Models for Hierarchical Phrase-Based Machine Translation.
tree-state based rule selection models	hierarchical phrase-based machine translation
Improved Bin Completion for Optimal Bin Packing and Number Partitioning.
improved bin completion	optimal bin packing	number partitioning
General Heterogeneous Transfer Distance Metric Learning via Knowledge Fragments Transfer.
general heterogeneous transfer distance metric learning	knowledge fragments transfer
Influence in Classification via Cooperative Game Theory.
cooperative game theory
Entity Suggestion with Conceptual Expanation.
conceptual expanation	entity suggestion
Construction of System of Spheres-based Transitively Relational Partial Meet Multiple Contractions: An Impossibility Result (Extended Abstract).
spheres-based transitively relational partial meet multiple contractions	impossibility result	extended abstract
QuantMiner: A Genetic Algorithm for Mining Quantitative Association Rules.
mining quantitative association rules	genetic algorithm
iCone: Intelligent Environment for the Development and Maintenance of Configuration Knowledge Bases.
configuration knowledge bases	intelligent environment
Conditional Importance Networks: A Graphical Language for Representing Ordinal, Monotonic Preferences over Sets of Goods.
conditional importance networks	monotonic preferences	representing ordinal	graphical language
Heuristic Online Goal Recognition in Continuous Domains.
heuristic online goal recognition	continuous domains
Plan Recognition as Planning Revisited.
planning revisited	plan recognition
Coalitional Affinity Games and the Stability Gap.
coalitional affinity games	stability gap
The Condorcet Principle for Multiwinner Elections: From Shortlisting to Proportionality.
condorcet principle	multiwinner elections
A Scalable Kernel-Based Algorithm for Semi-Supervised Metric Learning.
semi-supervised metric learning	scalable kernel-based algorithm
On the Complexity of Trick-Taking Card Games.
trick-taking card games
When Will Negotiation Agents Be Able to Represent Us? The Challenges and Opportunities for Autonomous Negotiators.
negotiation agents	autonomous negotiators
A Text Scanning Mechanism Simulating Human Reading Process.
text scanning mechanism simulating human reading process
α-min: A Compact Approximate Solver For Finite-Horizon POMDPs.
compact approximate solver	finite-horizon pomdps
Towards Class-Imbalance Aware Multi-Label Learning.
class-imbalance aware multi-label learning
See without looking: joint visualization of sensitive multi-site datasets.
sensitive multi-site datasets	joint visualization
When Does Schwartz Conjecture Hold?
schwartz conjecture hold
Towards Active Event Recognition.
active event recognition
Robust Median Reversion Strategy for On-Line Portfolio Selection.
robust median reversion strategy	on-line portfolio selection
Predictive Collaborative Filtering with Side Information.
predictive collaborative filtering	side information
Utile Distinctions for Relational Reinforcement Learning.
relational reinforcement learning	utile distinctions
Bayesian Network Structure Learning with Integer Programming: Polytopes, Facets and Complexity (Extended Abstract).
bayesian network structure learning	extended abstract	integer programming
Multiple Constraint Acquisition.
multiple constraint acquisition
On Natural Language Processing and Plan Recognition.
natural language processing	plan recognition
Events Colocated with IJCAI-09.
events colocated
On Subset Selection with General Cost Constraints.
general cost constraints	subset selection
Semi-supervised Feature Selection via Rescaled Linear Regression.
semi-supervised feature selection	rescaled linear regression
Boolean Satifiability and Beyond: Algorithms, Analysis, and AI Applications.
ai applications	boolean satifiability
A Random Model for Argumentation Framework: Phase Transitions, Empirical Hardness, and Heuristics.
phase transitions	empirical hardness	random model	argumentation framework
Semantics for Active Integrity Constraints Using Approximation Fixpoint Theory.
active integrity constraints	approximation fixpoint theory
Deep Semantic-Preserving and Ranking-Based Hashing for Image Retrieval.
image retrieval	ranking-based hashing	deep semantic-preserving
Incorporating Knowledge into Structural Equation Models Using Auxiliary Variables.
structural equation models	auxiliary variables	incorporating knowledge
Pairwise Diffusion of Preference Rankings in Social Networks.
preference rankings	social networks	pairwise diffusion
Trend Template: Mining Trends With a Semi-formal Trend Model.
semi-formal trend model	trend template	mining trends
How to Define Certain Answers.
answers
Reasoning about State Constraints in the Situation Calculus.
situation calculus	state constraints
Agent-Oriented Incremental Team and Activity Recognition.
agent-oriented incremental team	activity recognition
Personalised automated assessments.
personalised automated assessments
Algorithm Runtime Prediction: Methods and Evaluation (Extended Abstract).
algorithm runtime prediction	extended abstract
Saliency Transfer: An Example-Based Method for Salient Object Detection.
salient object detection	saliency transfer	example-based method
Ontology-Mediated Query Answering for Key-Value Stores.
ontology-mediated query answering
Multi-Kernel Gaussian Processes.
multi-kernel gaussian processes
Generating 1/f Noise Sequences as Constraint Satisfaction: The Voss Constraint.
constraint satisfaction	generating 1/	noise sequences	voss constraint
Context-Based Reasoning on Privacy in Internet of Things.
context-based reasoning
Ensuring Rapid Mixing and Low Bias for Asynchronous Gibbs Sampling.
ensuring rapid mixing	asynchronous gibbs sampling	low bias
Computing Perfect Heuristics in Polynomial Time: On Bisimulation and Merge-and-Shrink Abstraction in Optimal Planning.
computing perfect heuristics	merge-and-shrink abstraction	polynomial time	optimal planning
Pseudo-Aligned Multilingual Corpora.
pseudo-aligned multilingual corpora
Prediction of Probability of Survival in Critically Ill Patients Optimizing the Area under the ROC Curve.
critically ill patients optimizing	roc curve
Unsupervised Human Action Categorization with Consensus Information Bottleneck Method.
unsupervised human action categorization	consensus information bottleneck method
Do Hard SAT-Related Reasoning Tasks Become Easier in the Krom Fragment?
hard sat-related reasoning tasks	krom fragment
Fast Sparse Gaussian Markov Random Fields Learning Based on Cholesky Factorization.
fast sparse gaussian markov random fields learning based	cholesky factorization
Reasoning with Style.
style
Social Instruments for Robust Convention Emergence.
robust convention emergence	social instruments
Should Robots be Obedient?
obedient
Graph Classification with Imbalanced Class Distributions and Noise.
imbalanced class distributions	graph classification
Integrating Social Network Structure into Online Feature Selection.
integrating social network structure	online feature selection
Handling Open Knowledge for Service Robots.
handling open knowledge	service robots
A Framework for Anomaly Reasoning: Interpretation through Concept Formation for Knowledge Transfer and Lifelong Learning.
concept formation	lifelong learning	anomaly reasoning	knowledge transfer
Normative Multiagent Systems: The Dynamic Generalization.
normative multiagent systems	dynamic generalization
Gated Probabilistic Matrix Factorization: Learning Users' Attention from Missing Values.
gated probabilistic matrix factorization	missing values	learning users
How to Form Winning Coalitions in Mixed Human-Computer Settings.
form winning coalitions	mixed human-computer settings
Multiple-Profile Prediction-of-Use Games.
multiple-profile prediction-of-
Speedy versus Greedy Search.
speedy versus greedy search
Sketch Recognition Algorithms for Comparing Complex and Unpredictable Shapes.
sketch recognition algorithms	comparing complex	unpredictable shapes
ReTrASE: Integrating Paradigms for Approximate Probabilistic Planning.
approximate probabilistic planning	integrating paradigms
The Impact of Disjunction on Query Answering Under Guarded-Based Existential Rules.
guarded-based existential rules	query answering
Cross-Media Shared Representation by Hierarchical Learning with Multiple Deep Networks.
cross-media shared representation	multiple deep networks	hierarchical learning
Robust Natural Language Processing - Combining Reasoning, Cognitive Semantics, and Construction Grammar for Spatial Language.
robust natural language processing	spatial language	cognitive semantics	construction grammar	combining reasoning
Advanced Conflict-Driven Disjunctive Answer Set Solving.
advanced conflict-driven disjunctive answer set solving
A Fully Connectionist Model Generator for Covered First-Order Logic Programs.
covered first-order logic programs	fully connectionist model generator
Open Contractible Global Constraints.
open contractible global constraints
Security Games with Multiple Attacker Resources.
multiple attacker resources	security games
The Minds of Many: Opponent Modeling in a Stochastic Game.
stochastic game	opponent modeling
Online Algorithm Selection.
online algorithm selection
Argumentation: Reconciling Human and Automated Reasoning.
automated reasoning	reconciling human
Interactive POMDP Lite: Towards Practical Planning to Predict and Exploit Intentions for Interacting with Self-Interested Agents.
interactive pomdp lite	exploit intentions	practical planning	self-interested agents
Scaling Active Search using Linear Similarity Functions.
linear similarity functions	scaling active search
Intelligent Warning Systems: 'Nudges' as a Form of User Control for Internet of Things Data Collection and Use.
intelligent warning systems	things data collection	user control
Deep Neural Networks for High Dimension, Low Sample Size Data.
low sample size data	deep neural networks	high dimension
Deep Descriptor Transforming for Image Co-Localization.
deep descriptor transforming	image co-localization
Enforcing Template Representability and Temporal Consistency for Adaptive Sparse Tracking.
enforcing template representability	adaptive sparse tracking	temporal consistency
Proportional Rankings.
proportional rankings
Plausible Repairs for Inconsistent Requirements.
plausible repairs	inconsistent requirements
A Logic for Reasoning about Counterfactual Emotions.
counterfactual emotions
Directions in Hybrid Intelligence: Complementing AI Systems with Human Intelligence.
complementing ai systems	hybrid intelligence	human intelligence
Deep Neural Decision Forests.
deep neural decision forests
Developmental robotics at Aldebaran A-Lab.
developmental robotics	aldebaran a-lab
General Game Learning Using Knowledge Transfer.
general game learning	knowledge transfer
SWIM: A Simple Word Interaction Model for Implicit Discourse Relation Recognition.
simple word interaction model	implicit discourse relation recognition
Büchi, Lindenbaum, Tarski: A Program Analysis Appetizer.
program analysis appetizer
Symbolic LTLf Synthesis.
symbolic ltlf synthesis
Investigations of Continual Computation.
continual computation
Integrating Semantic Relatedness and Words' Intrinsic Features for Keyword Extraction.
integrating semantic relatedness	intrinsic features	keyword extraction
Replanning in Domains with Partial Information and Sensing Actions.
sensing actions	partial information
r-grams: Relational Grams.
relational grams
Social Choice for Agents with General Utilities.
social choice	general utilities
A New Approach for Stereo Matching in Autonomous Mobile Robot Applications.
autonomous mobile robot applications	stereo matching
Robust Joint Discriminative Feature Learning for Visual Tracking.
robust joint discriminative feature learning	visual tracking
Modeling Agents through Bounded Rationality Theories.
bounded rationality theories	modeling agents
Adaptive Semi-Supervised Learning with Discriminative Least Squares Regression.
adaptive semi-supervised learning	squares regression
Mining Definitions from RDF Annotations Using Formal Concept Analysis.
formal concept analysis	rdf annotations	mining definitions
Central Clustering of Categorical Data with Automated Feature Weighting.
automated feature weighting	categorical data	central clustering
On the Accrual of Arguments in Defeasible Logic Programming.
defeasible logic programming
Scalable Maximum Margin Matrix Factorization by Active Riemannian Subspace Search.
scalable maximum margin matrix factorization	active riemannian subspace search
An Epistemic Halpern-Shoham Logic.
epistemic halpern-shoham logic
Read-Once Resolution for Unsatisfiability-Based Max-SAT Algorithms.
unsatisfiability-based max-sat algorithms
Saliency Guided End-to-End Learning for Weakly Supervised Object Detection.
saliency guided end-to-end learning	weakly supervised object detection
Verifying Fault Tolerance and Self-Diagnosability of an Autonomous Underwater Vehicle.
verifying fault tolerance	autonomous underwater vehicle
Chinese Song Iambics Generation with Neural Attention-Based Model.
chinese song iambics generation	neural attention-based model
Nonmanipulable Selections from a Tournament.
nonmanipulable selections
Reasoning about Continuous Uncertainty in the Situation Calculus.
situation calculus	continuous uncertainty
Learning Model Rules From High-Speed Data Streams.
learning model rules	high-speed data streams
Sample Complexity of Risk-Averse Bandit-Arm Selection.
risk-averse bandit-arm selection	sample complexity
A Discriminative Approach to Grounded Spoken Language Understanding in Interactive Robotics.
grounded spoken language understanding	interactive robotics	discriminative approach
Mining for Analogous Tuples from an Entity-Relation Graph.
analogous tuples	entity-relation graph
Externalities in Cake Cutting.
cake cutting
Early Prediction on Time Series: A Nearest Neighbor Approach.
nearest neighbor approach	early prediction	time series
Rescale-Invariant SVM for Binary Classification.
binary classification	rescale-invariant svm
Providing a Recommended Trading Agent to a Population: A Novel Approach.
recommended trading agent
Bridging Saliency Detection to Weakly Supervised Object Detection Based on Self-Paced Curriculum Learning.
weakly supervised object detection based	bridging saliency detection	self-paced curriculum learning
Online Symbolic Gradient-Based Optimization for Factored Action MDPs.
online symbolic gradient-based optimization	factored action mdps
Variational Mixtures of Gaussian Processes for Classification.
variational mixtures	gaussian processes
Mixed Discrete-Continuous Heuristic Generative Planning Based on Flow Tubes.
mixed discrete-continuous heuristic generative planning based	flow tubes
Positive, Negative, or Neutral: Learning an Expanded Opinion Lexicon from Emoticon-Annotated Tweets.
expanded opinion lexicon	emoticon-annotated tweets
Training Group Orthogonal Neural Networks with Privileged Information.
training group orthogonal neural networks	privileged information
YAGO2: A Spatially and Temporally Enhanced Knowledge Base from Wikipedia: Extended Abstract.
temporally enhanced knowledge base	extended abstract
Revising Horn Theories.
revising horn theories
A Unified Approximate Nearest Neighbor Search Scheme by Combining Data Structure and Hashing.
unified approximate nearest neighbor search scheme	combining data structure
Solving MDPs with Skew Symmetric Bilinear Utility Functions.
skew symmetric bilinear utility functions	solving mdps
Fast Structural Binary Coding.
fast structural binary coding
Parsing Natural Language Conversations using Contextual Cues.
parsing natural language conversations	contextual cues
Online Multitask Relative Similarity Learning.
online multitask relative similarity learning
Causality Based Propagation History Ranking in Social Networks.
causality based propagation history ranking	social networks
GDL-III: A Description Language for Epistemic General Game Playing.
epistemic general game playing	description language
Incremental Learning of Perceptual Categories for Open-Domain Sketch Recognition.
open-domain sketch recognition	incremental learning	perceptual categories
Active Learning for Teaching a Robot Grounded Relational Symbols.
robot grounded relational symbols	active learning
Truthful Cake Cutting Mechanisms with Externalities: Do Not Make Them Care for Others Too Much!
truthful cake cutting mechanisms
Nogood Recording from Restarts.
nogood recording
Praiseworthy Acts Recognition Using Web-based Knowledge and Semantic Categories.
praiseworthy acts recognition	semantic categories	web-based knowledge
A Bayesian Approach to Argument-Based Reasoning for Attack Estimation.
attack estimation	bayesian approach	argument-based reasoning
Is My Object in This Video? Reconstruction-based Object Search in Videos.
reconstruction-based object search
Listening to the Crowd: Automated Analysis of Events via Aggregated Twitter Sentiment.
aggregated twitter sentiment	automated analysis
Logical Circuit Filtering.
logical circuit filtering
Spiteful Bidding in Sealed-Bid Auctions.
sealed-bid auctions	spiteful bidding
Logistic Regression Models for a Fast CBIR Method Based on Feature Selection.
fast cbir method based	logistic regression models	feature selection
Change Detection Using Directional Statistics.
change detection	directional statistics
Exchanging Reputation Information between Communities: A Payment-Function Approach.
exchanging reputation information	payment-function approach
Proceedings of the Workshop on Fuzzy Logic in AI, FLinAI 2015, co-located with the 24th International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI 2015), Buenos Aires, Argentina, July 25, 2015.
24th international joint conference	buenos aires	fuzzy logic	artificial intelligence
A Flat Histogram Method for Computing the Density of States of Combinatorial Problems.
flat histogram method	combinatorial problems
Supervised Heterogeneous Domain Adaptation via Random Forests.
supervised heterogeneous domain adaptation	random forests
Managing Domain Knowledge and Multiple Models with Boosting.
managing domain knowledge	multiple models
Manifold Alignment Based on Sparse Local Structures of More Corresponding Pairs.
manifold alignment based	sparse local structures
Machine Learning for On-Line Hardware Reconfiguration.
on-line hardware reconfiguration	machine learning
Salient Object Detection via Augmented Hypotheses.
salient object detection	augmented hypotheses
Deep Sparse Coding based Recursive Disaggregation Model for Water Conservation.
deep sparse coding based recursive disaggregation model	water conservation
Maintaining Evolving Domain Models.
maintaining evolving domain models
Chronicle Recognition Improvement Using Temporal Focusing and Hierarchization.
chronicle recognition improvement	temporal focusing
An Agent Architecture for Prognostic Reasoning Assistance.
prognostic reasoning assistance	agent architecture
Real-Time Solving of Quantified CSPs Based on Monte-Carlo Game Tree Search.
monte-carlo game tree search	quantified csps based	real-time solving
Winner Determination in Sequential Majority Voting.
sequential majority voting	winner determination
Multiple Information Sources Cooperative Learning.
multiple information sources cooperative learning
Automatic Decision of Piano Fingering Based on a Hidden Markov Models.
piano fingering based	hidden markov models	automatic decision
Line Orthogonality in Adjacency Eigenspace with Application to Community Partition.
community partition	line orthogonality	adjacency eigenspace
Team Programming in Golog under Partial Observability.
team programming	partial observability
Learning to Walk through Imitation.
imitation
SOFIA: How to Make FCA Polynomial?
make fca polynomial
The Complexity of Subsumption in Fuzzy EL.
fuzzy el
A Generalized Recurrent Neural Architecture for Text Classification with Multi-Task Learning.
generalized recurrent neural architecture	text classification	multi-task learning
Efficient and Robust Independence-Based Markov Network Structure Discovery.
robust independence-based markov network structure discovery
Fast Solving Maximum Weight Clique Problem in Massive Graphs.
fast solving maximum weight clique problem	massive graphs
Combining Rules and Ontologies via Parametrized Logic Programs.
parametrized logic programs	combining rules
Enhanced Sentiment Classification of Telugu Text using ML Techniques.
enhanced sentiment classification	telugu text	ml techniques
A Unified Framework for Representation and Development of Dialectical Proof Procedures in Argumentation.
dialectical proof procedures	unified framework
Preface.
preface
Finite-Length Markov Processes with Constraints.
finite-length markov processes
How a General-Purpose Commonsense Ontology can Improve Performance of Learning-Based Image Retrieval.
general-purpose commonsense ontology	learning-based image retrieval	improve performance
Supervised Latent Semantic Indexing Using Adaptive Sprinkling.
supervised latent semantic indexing	adaptive sprinkling
Location-Based Activity Recognition with Hierarchical Dirichlet Process.
location-based activity recognition	hierarchical dirichlet process
The Role of Textualisation and Argumentation in Understanding the Machine Learning Process.
machine learning process
Complexity of Manipulation with Partial Information in Voting.
partial information
Dynamic SAT with Decision Change Costs: Formalization and Solutions.
decision change costs	dynamic sat
Deep-dense Conditional Random Fields for Object Co-segmentation.
deep-dense conditional random fields	object co-segmentation
Managing Overstaying Electric Vehicles in Park-and-Charge Facilities.
managing overstaying electric vehicles	park-and-charge facilities
Weight-Enhanced Diversification in Stochastic Local Search for Satisfiability.
stochastic local search	weight-enhanced diversification
Pareto-Based Multiobjective AI Planning.
pareto-based multiobjective ai planning
Sequences of Mechanisms for Causal Reasoning in Artificial Intelligence.
causal reasoning	artificial intelligence
Lifted Aggregation in Directed First-Order Probabilistic Models.
directed first-order probabilistic models	lifted aggregation
Decision Support through Argumentation-Based Practical Reasoning.
argumentation-based practical reasoning	decision support
Self-Adaptive Neural Networks Based on a Poisson Approach for Knowledge Discovery.
self-adaptive neural networks based	knowledge discovery	poisson approach
Bilevel Visual Words Coding for Image Classification.
bilevel visual words coding	image classification
Greedy Learning of Generalized Low-Rank Models.
generalized low-rank models	greedy learning
Multi-Instance Multi-Label Learning with Weak Label.
multi-instance multi-label learning	weak label
Feature Based Occupancy Grid Maps for Sonar Based Safe-Mapping.
feature based occupancy grid maps	sonar based safe-mapping
Learning Compact Neural Word Embeddings by Parameter Space Sharing.
learning compact neural word embeddings	parameter space sharing
Web-Scale N-gram Models for Lexical Disambiguation.
web-scale n-gram models	lexical disambiguation
Linear Bayesian Reinforcement Learning.
linear bayesian reinforcement learning
Ranked Voting on Social Networks.
social networks	ranked voting
A Matroid Approach to the Worst Case Allocation of Indivisible Goods.
worst case allocation	matroid approach	indivisible goods
Summary: Multi-Agent Path Finding with Kinematic Constraints.
multi-agent path finding	kinematic constraints
Concept Learning for Cross-Domain Text Classification: A General Probabilistic Framework.
general probabilistic framework	cross-domain text classification	concept learning
Salient Object Detection with Semantic Priors.
salient object detection	semantic priors
On the Effective Configuration of Planning Domain Models.
planning domain models	effective configuration
A Framework for Incorporating General Domain Knowledge into Latent Dirichlet Allocation Using First-Order Logic.
incorporating general domain knowledge	latent dirichlet allocation	first-order logic
Enhancing Case Adaptation with Introspective Reasoning and Web Mining.
enhancing case adaptation	introspective reasoning	web mining
Formal Trust Model for Multiagent Systems.
formal trust model	multiagent systems
On the Tip of My Thought: Playing the Guillotine Game.
guillotine game
Personality Trait Classification of Essays with the Application of Feature Reduction.
personality trait classification	feature reduction
First-Order Model Counting in a Nutshell.
first-order model counting
Wikispeedia: An Online Game for Inferring Semantic Distances between Concepts.
inferring semantic distances	online game
gRegress: Extracting Features from Graph Transactions for Regression.
extracting features	graph transactions
XOR-Sampling for Network Design with Correlated Stochastic Events.
correlated stochastic events	network design
Epistemic Reasoning in Logic Programs.
epistemic reasoning	logic programs
Joint Learning of Constituency and Dependency Grammars by Decomposed Cross-Lingual Induction.
decomposed cross-lingual induction	dependency grammars	joint learning
Goal-Driven Learning in the GILA Integrated Intelligence Architecture.
gila integrated intelligence architecture	goal-driven learning
Hierarchical Feature Selection with Recursive Regularization.
hierarchical feature selection	recursive regularization
Scaling-up Security Games with Boundedly Rational Adversaries: A Cutting-plane Approach.
boundedly rational adversaries	cutting-plane approach	security games
An Information-Theoretic Analysis of Memory Bounds in a Distributed Resource Allocation Mechanism.
distributed resource allocation mechanism	memory bounds	information-theoretic analysis
Learning and Applying Case Adaptation Rules for Classification: An Ensemble Approach.
applying case adaptation rules	ensemble approach
Recognizing Opinion Sources Based on a New Categorization of Opinion Types.
recognizing opinion sources based	opinion types
Towards Automatic Dominance Breaking for Constraint Optimization Problems.
automatic dominance breaking	constraint optimization problems
Re-Ranking Voting-Based Answers by Discarding User Behavior Biases.
discarding user behavior biases	re-ranking voting-based answers
Smart PCA.
smart pca
Crowd Scene Understanding with Coherent Recurrent Neural Networks.
coherent recurrent neural networks	crowd scene understanding
Spectral Embedded Clustering.
spectral embedded clustering
Link Prediction via Ranking Metric Dual-Level Attention Network Learning.
ranking metric dual-level attention network learning	link prediction
Estimating the Margin of Victory of an Election Using Sampling.
estimating
Predicting Personal Traits from Facial Images Using Convolutional Neural Networks Augmented with Facial Landmark Information.
convolutional neural networks augmented	predicting personal traits	facial landmark information	facial images
Online Decision-Making for Scalable Autonomous Systems.
scalable autonomous systems	online decision-making
Multi-Agent Planning with Baseline Regret Minimization.
baseline regret minimization	multi-agent planning
Policy Shaping with Human Teachers.
policy shaping	human teachers
Real-Time Heuristic Search with a Priority Queue.
real-time heuristic search	priority queue
Preface.
preface
A computational model for corruption assessment.
computational model	corruption assessment
Visual Tracking with Reliable Memories.
visual tracking	reliable memories
Online Learning of k-CNF Boolean Functions.
k-cnf boolean functions	online learning
A Study of Human-Agent Collaboration for Multi-UAV Task Allocation in Dynamic Environments.
multi-uav task allocation	human-agent collaboration	dynamic environments
Commitment Semantics for Sequential Decision Making under Reward Uncertainty.
sequential decision making	commitment semantics	reward uncertainty
Fast Incremental Square Root Information Smoothing.
fast incremental square root information smoothing
Query Answering in Description Logics with Transitive Roles.
query answering	description logics	transitive roles
Fast Nonnegative Matrix Tri-Factorization for Large-Scale Data Co-Clustering.
fast nonnegative matrix tri-factorization	large-scale data co-clustering
Front-to-End Bidirectional Heuristic Search with Near-Optimal Node Expansions.
front-to-end bidirectional heuristic search	near-optimal node expansions
Multiwinner Elections Under Preferences That Are Single-Peaked on a Tree.
multiwinner elections
Dealing with Perception Errors in Multi-Robot System Coordination.
multi-robot system coordination	perception errors
Adapting to User Preference Changes in Interactive Recommendation.
interactive recommendation	user preference
Eddy: A Graphical Editor for OWL 2 Ontologies.
graphical editor	owl 2 ontologies
SMT Versus AI Redux: How Semantic Frames Evaluate MT More Accurately.
smt versus ai redux	semantic frames evaluate mt
Bidirectional Constraints for Exchanging Data: Beyond Monotone Queries.
bidirectional constraints	exchanging data	monotone queries
Fuzzy Logic Models in some Categories.
fuzzy logic models
State-Dependent Cost Partitionings for Cartesian Abstractions in Classical Planning.
state-dependent cost partitionings	classical planning	cartesian abstractions
AGM Meets Abstract Argumentation: Expansion and Revision for Dung Frameworks.
agm meets abstract argumentation	dung frameworks
Feature Mining and Neuro-Fuzzy Inference System for Steganalysis of LSB Matching Stegangoraphy in Grayscale Images.
neuro-fuzzy inference system	lsb matching stegangoraphy	feature mining	grayscale images
Efficient Vote Elicitation under Candidate Uncertainty.
efficient vote elicitation	candidate uncertainty
Modeling Hebb Learning Rule for Unsupervised Learning.
modeling hebb learning rule	unsupervised learning
MUVIR: Multi-View Rare Category Detection.
multi-view rare category detection
Computer Science on the Move: Inferring Migration Regularities from the Web via Compressed Label Propagation.
inferring migration regularities	compressed label propagation	computer science
A Constrained Multi-view Clustering Approach to Influence Role Detection.
constrained multi-view clustering approach	influence role detection
Neural Enquirer: Learning to Query Tables in Natural Language.
natural language	query tables	neural enquirer
Max Order: A Tale of Creativity.
max order
Reinforcement Learning with a Corrupted Reward Channel.
corrupted reward channel	reinforcement learning
On the Boundary of (Un)decidability: Decidable Model-Checking for a Fragment of Resource Agent Logic.
resource agent logic	decidable model-checking
Generating all Possible Palindromes from Ngram Corpora.
ngram corpora
Efficient Inference for Untied MLNs.
untied mlns	efficient inference
Source-Selection-Free Transfer Learning.
source-selection-free transfer learning
EQL-Lite: Effective First-Order Query Processing in Description Logics.
effective first-order query processing	description logics
Monte-Carlo Fork Search for Cooperative Path-Finding.
monte-carlo fork search	cooperative path-finding
The Cube of Opposition: A Structure Underlying Many Knowledge Representation Formalisms.
knowledge representation formalisms	structure underlying
Training-Efficient Feature Map for Shift-Invariant Kernels.
training-efficient feature map	shift-invariant kernels
First Order-Rewritability and Containment of Conjunctive Queries in Horn Description Logics.
horn description logics	conjunctive queries
Improving the Performance of Recommender Systems by Alleviating the Data Sparsity and Cold Start Problems.
cold start problems	recommender systems	data sparsity
Generalizing ADOPT and BnB-ADOPT.
generalizing adopt
Optimal Bayesian Hashing for Efficient Face Recognition.
optimal bayesian hashing	efficient face recognition
Improving Classification Accuracy of Feedforward Neural Networks for Spiking Neuromorphic Chips.
feedforward neural networks	improving classification accuracy	spiking neuromorphic chips
Distributed Decoupling of Multiagent Simple Temporal Problems.
multiagent simple temporal problems	distributed decoupling
A Reduction based Method for Coloring Very Large Graphs.
reduction based method	large graphs
An Empirical Study of Seeding Manipulations and Their Prevention.
empirical study	seeding manipulations
A Correlated Topic Model Using Word Embeddings.
correlated topic model	word embeddings
Constraint Games revisited.
constraint games revisited
Augmenting Tractable Fragments of Abstract Argumentation.
augmenting tractable fragments	abstract argumentation
Socioscope: Spatio-Temporal Signal Recovery from Social Media (Extended Abstract).
spatio-temporal signal recovery	extended abstract	social media
The Role of Intention Recognition in the Evolution of Cooperative Behavior.
intention recognition	cooperative behavior
Sequential Decision Making for Improving Efficiency in Urban Environments.
sequential decision making	improving efficiency	urban environments
Local Query Mining in a Probabilistic Prolog.
local query mining	probabilistic prolog
Nonparametric Independence Testing for Small Sample Sizes.
nonparametric independence testing	small sample sizes
Interactive Scheduling of Appliance Usage in the Home.
interactive scheduling	appliance usage
An Approach to Cooperation in General-Sum Normal Form Games.
general-sum normal form games
Dynamic Compositional Neural Networks over Tree Structure.
dynamic compositional neural networks	tree structure
Unsupervised Machine Condition Monitoring Using Segmental Hidden Markov Models.
unsupervised machine condition monitoring	segmental hidden markov models
Proposing a Highly Accurate Hybrid Component-Based Factorised Preference Model in Recommender Systems.
highly accurate hybrid component-based factorised preference model	recommender systems
Simultaneous Discovery of Conservation Laws and Hidden Particles with Smith Matrix Decomposition.
smith matrix decomposition	simultaneous discovery	hidden particles	conservation laws
What Does Social Media Say about Your Stress?.
social media
Reader-Aware Multi-Document Summarization via Sparse Coding.
reader-aware multi-document summarization	sparse coding
Achieving Proportional Representation in Conference Programs.
achieving proportional representation	conference programs
Robust Unsupervised Feature Selection.
robust unsupervised feature selection
Breakout Local Search for the Vertex Separator Problem.
vertex separator problem	breakout local search
Image Matching via Loopy RNN.
loopy rnn	image matching
Stratified Planning.
stratified planning
Complete Algorithms for Cooperative Pathfinding Problems.
cooperative pathfinding problems	complete algorithms
Help From Strangers - Media Arts In Ambient Intelligence Research.
ambient intelligence research	media arts
A Personalised Thermal Comfort Model Using a Bayesian Network.
personalised thermal comfort model	bayesian network
Subspace Clustering via New Low-Rank Model with Discrete Group Structure Constraint.
discrete group structure constraint	low-rank model	subspace clustering
Epistemic Boolean Games Based on a Logic of Visibility and Control.
epistemic boolean games based
Handling Alternative Activities in Resource-Constrained Project Scheduling Problems.
resource-constrained project scheduling problems	handling alternative activities
A Comprehensive Approach to On-Board Autonomy Verification and Validation.
on-board autonomy verification	comprehensive approach
Solving Integer Linear Programs with a Small Number of Global Variables and Constraints.
solving integer linear programs	small number	global variables
Temporal Planning for Compilation of Quantum Approximate Optimization Circuits.
quantum approximate optimization circuits	temporal planning
A Consensual Linear Opinion Pool.
consensual linear opinion pool
Named Entity Translation with Web Mining and Transliteration.
named entity translation	web mining
Efficient Rule-Based Inferencing for OWL EL.
efficient rule-based inferencing	owl el
Auxiliary Information Regularized Machine for Multiple Modality Feature Learning.
multiple modality feature learning	auxiliary information regularized machine
Control of Agent Swarms Using Generalized Centroidal Cyclic Pursuit Laws.
generalized centroidal cyclic pursuit laws	agent swarms
Deictic Option Schemas.
deictic option schemas
Probabilistic Belief Contraction Using Argumentation.
probabilistic belief contraction
Lifted Probabilistic Inference by First-Order Knowledge Compilation.
lifted probabilistic inference	first-order knowledge compilation
A Privacy-Sensitive Approach to Modeling Multi-Person Conversations.
modeling multi-person conversations	privacy-sensitive approach
Modeling Multi-Attribute Demand for Sustainable Cloud Computing with Copulae.
modeling multi-attribute demand	sustainable cloud computing
On Creating Complementary Pattern Databases.
creating complementary pattern databases
A KNN Based Kalman Filter Gaussian Process Regression.
knn based kalman filter gaussian process regression
Deep Learning for Event-Driven Stock Prediction.
event-driven stock prediction	deep learning
On the Effectiveness of CNF and DNF Representations in Contingent Planning.
contingent planning	dnf representations
Multi-Agent Subset Space Logic.
multi-agent subset space logic
AGM Revision of Beliefs about Action and Time.
agm revision
A Complete Epistemic Planner without the Epistemic Closed World Assumption.
epistemic closed world assumption	complete epistemic planner
EigenGP: Gaussian Process Models with Adaptive Eigenfunctions.
gaussian process models	adaptive eigenfunctions
Holonic Multiagent Multilevel Simulation: Application to Real-Time Pedestrian Simulation in Urban Environment.
holonic multiagent multilevel simulation	real-time pedestrian simulation	urban environment
Adaptive Thresholding in Structure Learning of a Bayesian Network.
bayesian network	adaptive thresholding	structure learning
Rationalisation of Profiles of Abstract Argumentation Frameworks: Extended Abstract.
abstract argumentation frameworks	extended abstract
Minimization for Generalized Boolean Formulas.
generalized boolean formulas
Action-Model Acquisition from Noisy Plan Traces.
noisy plan traces	action-model acquisition
Reasoning about Space and Change with Answer Set Programming Modulo Theories.
answer set programming modulo theories
Synthesis for LTL and LDL on Finite Traces.
finite traces
Polynomial Rewritings for Linear Existential Rules.
linear existential rules	polynomial rewritings
Opinion-aware Knowledge Graph for Political Ideology Detection.
political ideology detection	opinion-aware knowledge graph
Developing Corpora for Sentiment Analysis: The Case of Irony and Senti-TUT (Extended Abstract).
extended abstract	developing corpora	sentiment analysis
Markovian State and Action Abstractions for MDPs via Hierarchical MCTS.
action abstractions	hierarchical mcts	markovian state
Bayesian Real-Time Dynamic Programming.
bayesian real-time dynamic programming
What to Ask to an Incomplete Semantic Web Reasoner?.
incomplete semantic web reasoner
DCOPs Meet the Real World: Exploring Unknown Reward Matrices with Applications to Mobile Sensor Networks.
exploring unknown reward matrices	mobile sensor networks	real world	dcops meet
Proceedings of the International Workshop on Defeasible and Ampliative Reasoning, DARe 2015, co-located with the 24th International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI 2015), Buenos Aires, Argentina, July 27, 2015.
24th international joint conference	international workshop	ampliative reasoning	buenos aires	artificial intelligence
Online Bayesian Max-Margin Subspace Multi-View Learning.
online bayesian max-margin subspace multi-view learning
Inferring Human Attention by Learning Latent Intentions.
learning latent intentions	inferring human attention
Coordinate Discrete Optimization for Efficient Cross-View Image Retrieval.
efficient cross-view image retrieval	coordinate discrete optimization
Cause-Effect Knowledge Acquisition and Neural Association Model for Solving A Set of Winograd Schema Problems.
cause-effect knowledge acquisition	winograd schema problems	neural association model
Fashion Style Generator.
fashion style generator
Modeling Attempt and Action Failure in Probabilistic STIT Logic.
probabilistic stit logic	action failure	modeling attempt
Reasoning about Preferences in Intelligent Agent Systems.
intelligent agent systems
Identifying Key Observers to Find Popular Information in Advance.
find popular information	identifying key observers
Copula Mixed-Membership Stochastic Blockmodel.
copula mixed-membership stochastic blockmodel
Large Scale Semantic Match ing: Agrovoc vs CABI.
large scale semantic match ing
Artificial Intelligence for Knowledge Management - Third IFIP WG 12.6 International Workshop, AI4KM 2015, Held at IJCAI 2015, Buenos Aires, Argentina, July 25-31, 2015, Revised Selected Papers
revised selected papers	knowledge management	ifip wg 12	july 25-31	buenos aires	6 international workshop	artificial intelligence
On Gleaning Knowledge from Multiple Domains for Active Learning.
multiple domains	active learning	gleaning knowledge
Proceedings of the 4th Workshop on Sentiment Analysis where AI meets Psychology (SAAIP 2016) co-located with 25th International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI 2016), New York City, USA, July 10, 2016.
25th international joint conference	ai meets psychology	4th workshop	sentiment analysis	artificial intelligence	york city
Dynamic Auctions with Bank Accounts.
dynamic auctions	bank accounts
Integration of Hybrid Bio-Ontologies using Bayesian Networks for Knowledge Discovery.
knowledge discovery	bayesian networks	hybrid bio-ontologies
Learning Linear and Kernel Predictors with the 0-1 Loss Function.
0-1 loss function	learning linear	kernel predictors
The Complexity of Safe Manipulation under Scoring Rules.
scoring rules	safe manipulation
Combinatorial Aggregation.
combinatorial aggregation
Online Mechanism Design for Vehicle-to-Grid Car Parks.
vehicle-to-grid car parks	online mechanism design
The Tractability of the Shapley Value over Bounded Treewidth Matching Games.
bounded treewidth matching games
Blockedness in Propositional Logic: Are You Satisfied With Your Neighborhood?
propositional logic
Semi-Supervised Multimodal Deep Learning for RGB-D Object Recognition.
semi-supervised multimodal deep learning	object recognition
Using a Hierarchical Bayesian Model to Handle High Cardinality Attributes with Relevant Interactions in a Classification Problem.
handle high cardinality attributes	hierarchical bayesian model	relevant interactions	classification problem
Planning with MIP for Supply Restoration in Power Distribution Systems.
power distribution systems	supply restoration
SPMC: Socially-Aware Personalized Markov Chains for Sparse Sequential Recommendation.
socially-aware personalized markov chains	sparse sequential recommendation
Multi-Grained Role Labeling Based on Multi-Modality Information for Real Customer Service Telephone Conversation.
real customer service telephone conversation	multi-grained role labeling based	multi-modality information
What to Do Next: Modeling User Behaviors by Time-LSTM.
modeling user behaviors
Tosca: Operationalizing Commitments Over Information Protocols.
information protocols	operationalizing commitments
Reading Between the Lines.
reading
The Shapley Value as a Function of the Quota in Weighted Voting Games.
weighted voting games
Adaptive Management of Migratory Birds Under Sea Level Rise.
sea level rise	adaptive management	migratory birds
Bimodal Switching for Online Planning in Multiagent Settings.
bimodal switching	multiagent settings	online planning
Efficient Interdependent Value Combinatorial Auctions with Single Minded Bidders.
single minded bidders	efficient interdependent	combinatorial auctions
Controlled Query Evaluation for Datalog and OWL 2 Profile Ontologies.
owl 2 profile ontologies	controlled query evaluation
Heuristic Planning for PDDL+ Domains.
heuristic planning	pddl+ domains
Abstract Argumentation Frameworks - From Theoretical Insights to Practical Implications.
abstract argumentation frameworks	practical implications	theoretical insights
Import-by-Query: Ontology Reasoning under Access Limitations.
ontology reasoning	access limitations
A Self-Representation Induced Classifier.
self-representation induced classifier
Locality Preserving Projections for Grassmann manifold.
locality preserving projections	grassmann manifold
Improving State Evaluation, Inference, and Search in Trick-Based Card Games.
trick-based card games	improving state evaluation
Transition Constraints: A Study on the Computational Complexity of Qualitative Change.
qualitative change	transition constraints	computational complexity
The Hard Problems Are Almost Everywhere For Random CNF-XOR Formulas.
random cnf-xor formulas	hard problems
Incremental Decision Making Under Risk with the Weighted Expected Utility Model.
weighted expected utility model	incremental decision making
A General Framework for Scheduling in a Stochastic Environment.
general framework	stochastic environment
Discriminative Unsupervised Dimensionality Reduction.
discriminative unsupervised dimensionality reduction
Activity Recognition with Finite State Machines.
finite state machines	activity recognition
Rough-Fuzzy Granularity in the Study of Optical Phenomena.
optical phenomena	rough-fuzzy granularity
Learning Unified Features from Natural and Programming Languages for Locating Buggy Source Code.
locating buggy source code	learning unified features	programming languages
Quantifying Robustness of Trust Systems against Collusive Unfair Rating Attacks Using Information Theory.
collusive unfair rating attacks	quantifying robustness	information theory	trust systems
User-Centered Programming by Demonstration: Stylistic Elements of Behavior.
user-centered programming	stylistic elements
Distance-Preserving Probabilistic Embeddings with Side Information: Variational Bayesian Multidimensional Scaling Gaussian Process.
variational bayesian multidimensional scaling gaussian process	distance-preserving probabilistic embeddings	side information
Non-Monotone Adaptive Submodular Maximization.
non-monotone adaptive submodular maximization
Case-based Learning from Proactive Communication.
proactive communication	case-based learning
Learning Homophily Couplings from Non-IID Data for Joint Feature Selection and Noise-Resilient Outlier Detection.
joint feature selection	noise-resilient outlier detection	learning homophily couplings	non-iid data
Avoiding Optimal Mean Robust PCA/2DPCA with Non-greedy ℓ1-Norm Maximization.
non-greedy ℓ1-norm maximization	robust pca/2dpca	avoiding optimal
Biclustering Gene Expressions Using Factor Graphs and the Max-Sum Algorithm.
biclustering gene expressions	max-sum algorithm	factor graphs
Reasoning about Typicality in Low Complexity DLs: The Logics EL⊥Tmin and DL-Litec Tmin.
low complexity dls	logics el⊥tmin	dl-litec tmin
Dynamic Multi-View Hashing for Online Image Retrieval.
online image retrieval	dynamic multi-view hashing
Omniscient Debugging for GOAL Agents in Eclipse (Demonstration).
goal agents	omniscient debugging
Automated Benchmark Model Generators for Model-Based Diagnostic Inference.
automated benchmark model generators	model-based diagnostic inference
Towards a Context Theory for Context-aware systems.
context theory	context-aware systems
ASAP-UCT: Abstraction of State-Action Pairs in UCT.
state-action pairs
Joint Proceedings of the Workshop on AI Problems and Approaches for Intelligent Environments and Workshop on Semantic Cities, AIIP/Semantic Cities@IJCAI 2013, Beijing, China, August 4-5, 2013
aiip/semantic cities@ijcai 2013	semantic cities	ai problems	intelligent environments	joint proceedings	august 4-5
Query-Driven Repairing of Inconsistent DL-Lite Knowledge Bases.
inconsistent dl-lite knowledge bases	query-driven repairing
Unsupervised Learning of Patterns in Data Streams Using Compression and Edit Distance.
edit distance	unsupervised learning	data streams
Active Exploration for Robust Object Detection.
robust object detection	active exploration
2013 Conference Organization.
2013 conference organization
Trading on a Rigged Game: Outcome Manipulation in Prediction Markets.
prediction markets	outcome manipulation	rigged game
Causal Discovery from Nonstationary/Heterogeneous Data: Skeleton Estimation and Orientation Determination.
causal discovery	skeleton estimation	orientation determination	nonstationary/heterogeneous data
Negotiation Using Logic Programming with Consistency Restoring Rules.
consistency restoring rules	logic programming
Incremental Construction of Structured Hidden Markov Models.
structured hidden markov models	incremental construction
Spatio-Temporal Event Detection Using Dynamic Conditional Random Fields.
dynamic conditional random fields	spatio-temporal event detection
Online Optimization of Video-Ad Allocation.
online optimization	video-ad allocation
Representativeness-aware Aspect Analysis for Brand Monitoring in Social Media.
representativeness-aware aspect analysis	social media	brand monitoring
Conjunctive Query Answering in the Description Logic EL Using a Relational Database System.
conjunctive query answering	relational database system	description logic el
Combining Spatial and Temporal Aspects of Prediction Problems to Improve Prediction Performance.
improve prediction performance	prediction problems	temporal aspects	combining spatial
Program Committee.
program committee
Efficient Weighted Model Integration via SMT-Based Predicate Abstraction.
efficient weighted model integration	smt-based predicate abstraction
Relating Strong Spatial Cognition to Symbolic Problem Solving - An Example.
relating strong spatial cognition	symbolic problem solving
Unsupervised Storyline Extraction from News Articles.
unsupervised storyline extraction	news articles
Multi-Label Informed Feature Selection.
multi-label informed feature selection
Real-Time Navigation in Classical Platform Games via Skill Reuse.
classical platform games	real-time navigation	skill reuse
The GRL System: Learning Board Game Rules with Piece-Move Interactions.
learning board game rules	piece-move interactions	grl system
Multi-Dimensional Bid Improvement Algorithm for Simultaneous Auctions.
multi-dimensional bid improvement algorithm	simultaneous auctions
Discriminatively Trained Recurrent Neural Networks for Continuous Dimensional Emotion Recognition from Audio.
discriminatively trained recurrent neural networks	continuous dimensional emotion recognition
Keynote and Invited Speakers.
invited speakers
Axiomatic Characterization of Task Oriented Negotiation.
task oriented negotiation	axiomatic characterization
Inferring Implicit Event Locations from Context with Distributional Similarities.
inferring implicit event locations	distributional similarities
Exploiting Separability in Multiagent Planning with Continuous-State MDPs (Extended Abstract).
multiagent planning	continuous-state mdps	extended abstract	exploiting separability
Matching via Dimensionality Reduction for Estimation of Treatment Effects in Digital Marketing Campaigns.
digital marketing campaigns	dimensionality reduction	treatment effects
Computational Semantics of Noun Compounds in a Semantic Space Model.
semantic space model	noun compounds	computational semantics
Expectation propagation learning of finite Beta-Liouville mixtures for spatio-temporal object recognition.
expectation propagation learning	finite beta-liouville mixtures	spatio-temporal object recognition
Reasoning about Connectivity Constraints.
connectivity constraints
Collaborative Filtering on Ordinal User Feedback.
ordinal user feedback	collaborative filtering
Incorporating Prototype Theory in Convolutional Neural Networks.
convolutional neural networks	incorporating prototype theory
Learning from Data Heterogeneity: Algorithms and Applications.
data heterogeneity
Evolution of Common-Pool Resources and Social Welfare in Structured Populations.
common-pool resources	social welfare	structured populations
Collective Biobjective Optimization Algorithm for Parallel Test Paper Generation.
collective biobjective optimization algorithm	parallel test paper generation
Automated Rule Selection for Aspect Extraction in Opinion Mining.
automated rule selection	opinion mining	aspect extraction
A Correctness Result for Reasoning about One-Dimensional Planning Problems.
one-dimensional planning problems	correctness result
Reasoning-Supported Interactive Revision of Knowledge Bases.
reasoning-supported interactive revision	knowledge bases
Multi-View Learning with Limited and Noisy Tagging.
multi-view learning	noisy tagging
Active Learning for Black-Box Semantic Role Labeling with Neural Factors.
black-box semantic role labeling	neural factors	active learning
Supervised Representation Learning: Transfer Learning with Deep Autoencoders.
supervised representation learning	transfer learning	deep autoencoders
Context-Based Approach for Pivot Translation Services.
pivot translation services	context-based approach
Verifying Fault-tolerance in Parameterised Multi-Agent Systems.
parameterised multi-agent systems	verifying fault-tolerance
Learning Paraphrase Identification with Structural Alignment.
learning paraphrase identification	structural alignment
Online Robust Low Rank Matrix Recovery.
online robust low rank matrix recovery
Compatible-Based Conditioning in Interval-Based Possibilistic Logic.
interval-based possibilistic logic	compatible-based conditioning
Focused Depth-first Proof Number Search using Convolutional Neural Networks for the Game of Hex.
proof number search	convolutional neural networks	focused depth-
Estimating Reference Evapotranspiration for Irrigation Management in the Texas High Plains.
estimating reference evapotranspiration	texas high plains	irrigation management
Exchanging OWL 2 QL Knowledge Bases.
exchanging owl 2 ql knowledge bases
Markov Network Based Ontology Matching.
markov network based ontology matching
Simple Causes of Complexity in Hedonic Games.
hedonic games
Learning to Detect Concepts from Webly-Labeled Video Data.
webly-labeled video data	detect concepts
Group-wise Deep Co-saliency Detection.
group-wise deep co-saliency detection
Proceedings of the 4th International Workshop "What can FCA do for Artificial Intelligence?", FCA4AI 2015, co-located with the International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI 2015), Buenos Aires, Argentina, July 25, 2015.
international joint conference	4th international workshop	buenos aires	artificial intelligence
Privileged Matrix Factorization for Collaborative Filtering.
privileged matrix factorization	collaborative filtering
OCS-14 : You Can Get Occluded in Fourteen Ways.
fourteen ways
Subset Selection of Search Heuristics.
subset selection	search heuristics
A Simple Probabilistic Extension of Modal Mu-calculus.
simple probabilistic extension	modal mu-calculus
Combining Breadth-First and Depth-First Strategies in Searching for Treewidth.
combining breadth-
Computing Optimal Mixed Strategies for Security Games with Dynamic Payoffs.
computing optimal mixed strategies	dynamic payoffs	security games
Towards Knowledge Structuring of Sensor Data Based on FCA and Ontology.
sensor data based	knowledge structuring
Self-Adapted Multi-Task Clustering.
self-adapted multi-task clustering
A Comparison of Cooking Recipe Named Entities between Japanese and English.
cooking recipe named entities
HCP with PSMA: A Robust Spoken Language Parser.
robust spoken language parser
Logic Programming Techniques for Reasoning with Probabilistic Ontologies.
logic programming techniques	probabilistic ontologies
Alternating Epistemic Mu-Calculus.
alternating epistemic mu-calculus
LMPP: A Large Margin Point Process Combining Reinforcement and Competition for Modeling Hashtag Popularity.
large margin point process combining reinforcement	modeling hashtag popularity
Translation-Based Constraint Answer Set Solving.
translation-based constraint answer set solving
Did You Know? - Mining Interesting Trivia for Entities from Wikipedia.
mining interesting trivia
ProbLog: A Probabilistic Prolog and Its Application in Link Discovery.
link discovery	probabilistic prolog
Proximal Gradient Temporal Difference Learning Algorithms.
proximal gradient temporal difference learning algorithms
What Do We Elect Committees For? A Voting Committee Model for Multi-Winner Rules.
voting committee model	elect committees	multi-winner rules
Rigging Tournament Brackets for Weaker Players.
rigging tournament brackets	weaker players
WebGazer: Scalable Webcam Eye Tracking Using User Interactions.
scalable webcam eye tracking	user interactions
Understanding How Feature Structure Transfers in Transfer Learning.
feature structure transfers	transfer learning
IJCAI-09 Sponsorship.
ijcai-09 sponsorship
Weighted Double Q-learning.
weighted double q-learning
Efficient Skill Learning using Abstraction Selection.
efficient skill learning	abstraction selection
Dishonest Reasoning by Abduction.
dishonest reasoning
Shifted Subspaces Tracking on Sparse Outlier for Motion Segmentation.
shifted subspaces tracking	sparse outlier	motion segmentation
Higher-Order Potentialities and their Reducers: A Philosophical Foundation Unifying Dynamic Modeling Methods.
philosophical foundation unifying dynamic modeling methods	higher-order potentialities
Markov Chain Analysis of Noise and Restart in Stochastic Local Search.
markov chain analysis	stochastic local search
Real-Time Detection of Task Switches of Desktop Users.
real-time detection	task switches	desktop users
Envy-Free Sponsored Search Auctions with Budgets.
envy-free sponsored search auctions
A Bayesian Factorised Covariance Model for Image Analysis.
bayesian factorised covariance model	image analysis
Dynamic Programming Bipartite Belief Propagation For Hyper Graph Matching.
dynamic programming bipartite belief propagation	hyper graph matching
Military Ontologies for Information Dissemination at the Tactical Edge.
information dissemination	tactical edge	military ontologies
AWA* - A Window Constrained Anytime Heuristic Search Algorithm.
window constrained anytime heuristic search algorithm
Path Integral Control by Reproducing Kernel Hilbert Space Embedding.
reproducing kernel hilbert space embedding	path integral control
Goal Recognition Design with Stochastic Agent Action Outcomes.
stochastic agent action outcomes	goal recognition design
Curriculum Learning in Reinforcement Learning.
reinforcement learning	curriculum learning
Firefly Monte Carlo: Exact MCMC with Subsets of Data.
firefly monte carlo	exact mcmc
Locality Constrained Deep Supervised Hashing for Image Retrieval.
locality constrained deep supervised hashing	image retrieval
Exploiting Known Taxonomies in Learning Overlapping Concepts.
learning overlapping concepts
An Expectation-Maximization Algorithm to Compute a Stochastic Factorization From Data.
stochastic factorization	expectation-maximization algorithm
Guarantees of Augmented Trace Norm Models in Tensor Recovery.
augmented trace norm models	tensor recovery
Reasoning and Proofing Services for Semantic Web Agents.
semantic web agents	proofing services
Active Graph Reachability Reduction for Network Security and Software Engineering.
active graph reachability reduction	network security	software engineering
Coordinated Versus Decentralized Exploration In Multi-Agent Multi-Armed Bandits.
coordinated versus decentralized exploration	multi-agent multi-armed bandits
Stochastic Constraint Programming.
stochastic constraint programming
Tractable Set Constraints.
tractable set constraints
Monte-Carlo Expectation Maximization for Decentralized POMDPs.
monte-carlo expectation maximization	decentralized pomdps
Multipotential Games.
multipotential games
Deep Abnormality Detection in Video Data.
deep abnormality detection	video data
Lexicons on Demand: Neural Word Embeddings for Large-Scale Text Analysis.
large-scale text analysis	neural word embeddings
Locally Consistent Bayesian Network Scores for Multi-Relational Data.
locally consistent bayesian network scores	multi-relational data
A Stochastic Image Grammar for Fine-Grained 3D Scene Reconstruction.
fine-grained 3d scene reconstruction	stochastic image grammar
Semi-Supervised Regression for Evaluating Convenience Store Location.
evaluating convenience store location	semi-supervised regression
Distributed Autoepistemic Logic and its Application to Access Control.
distributed autoepistemic logic	access control
Planning with Goal Utility Dependencies.
goal utility dependencies
Duplicate Avoidance in Depth-First Search with Applications to Treewidth.
duplicate avoidance
IJCAI Organization.
ijcai organization
Delaying Commitment in Plan Recognition Using Combinatory Categorial Grammars.
combinatory categorial grammars	plan recognition	delaying commitment
An Efficient Monte-Carlo Algorithm for Pricing Combinatorial Prediction Markets for Tournaments.
pricing combinatorial prediction markets	efficient monte-carlo algorithm
Synthesizing Samples for Zero-shot Learning.
synthesizing samples	zero-shot learning
Generalizing the Edge-Finder Rule for the Cumulative Constraint.
edge-finder rule	cumulative constraint
A Neural-Symbolic Cognitive Agent for Online Learning and Reasoning.
neural-symbolic cognitive agent	online learning
An Energy-Efficient, Multi-Agent Sensor Network for Detecting Diffuse Events.
detecting diffuse events	multi-agent sensor network
An Adaptive Technique for Weighting Multiple Factors in Followee Recommendation Algorithms.
followee recommendation algorithms	weighting multiple factors	adaptive technique
Fast Combinatorial Algorithm for Optimizing the Spread of Cascades.
fast combinatorial algorithm
Two Perspectives on Change and Institutions.
perspectives
Brute Force Works Best Against Bullying.
brute force works
Stroke-Based Stylization Learning and Rendering with Inverse Reinforcement Learning.
inverse reinforcement learning	stroke-based stylization learning
Proceedings of the International Workshop "What can FCA do for Artificial Intelligence?" (FCA4AI at IJCAI 2013), Beijing, China, August 5, 2013.
international workshop	artificial intelligence
Distributed Data Mining: Why Do More Than Aggregating Models.
distributed data mining	aggregating models
Measuring the Intensity of Attacks in Argumentation Graphs with Shapley Value.
argumentation graphs
Tractable Learning for Structured Probability Spaces: A Case Study in Learning Preference Distributions.
structured probability spaces	learning preference distributions	tractable learning	case study
On the Representation and Embedding of Knowledge Bases beyond Binary Relations.
binary relations	knowledge bases
Bayesian Dynamic Mode Decomposition.
bayesian dynamic mode decomposition
Deep Multimodal Hashing with Orthogonal Regularization.
deep multimodal hashing	orthogonal regularization
Feature Learning Based Deep Supervised Hashing with Pairwise Labels.
feature learning based deep supervised hashing	pairwise labels
Stance Classification with Target-specific Neural Attention.
target-specific neural attention	stance classification
Proactivity in Robots.
proactivity
Analogy-preserving functions: A way to extend Boolean samples.
extend boolean samples	analogy-preserving functions
Hierarchical Object Discovery and Dense Modelling From Motion Cues in RGB-D Video.
hierarchical object discovery	dense modelling	motion cues
Order Statistics for Probabilistic Graphical Models.
probabilistic graphical models	order statistics
Max-Margin DeepWalk: Discriminative Learning of Network Representation.
network representation	discriminative learning	max-margin deepwalk
FlashNormalize: Programming by Examples for Text Normalization.
text normalization
Libratus: The Superhuman AI for No-Limit Poker.
no-limit poker	superhuman ai
Value Iteration Networks.
iteration networks
On-line Evolutionary Exponential Family Mixture.
on-line evolutionary exponential family mixture
Probabilistic Equivalence Verification Approach for Automatic Mathematical Solution Assessment.
automatic mathematical solution assessment	probabilistic equivalence verification approach
Truthful Risk-Managed Combinatorial Auctions.
truthful risk-managed combinatorial auctions
Omniscient Debugging for Cognitive Agent Programs.
cognitive agent programs	omniscient debugging
Exploiting Sensorimotor Coordination for Learning to Recognize Objects.
exploiting sensorimotor coordination	recognize objects
Randomized Social Choice Functions under Metric Preferences.
randomized social choice functions	metric preferences
Embedding Non-Ground Logic Programs into Autoepistemic Logic for Knowledge-Base Combination.
embedding non-ground logic programs	autoepistemic logic	knowledge-base combination
Intersubjectivity and Sentiment: From Language to Knowledge.
intersubjectivity
Computing an Approximately Optimal Agreeable Set of Items.
approximately optimal agreeable set
Influencing Individually: Fusing Personalization and Persuasion (Extended Abstract).
fusing personalization	extended abstract	influencing individually
Towards Zero Unknown Word in Neural Machine Translation.
neural machine translation	unknown word
Computing Semantic Relatedness Using Wikipedia-based Explicit Semantic Analysis.
wikipedia-based explicit semantic analysis	computing semantic relatedness
Generalized Additive Bayesian Network Classifiers.
generalized additive bayesian network classifiers
Finite-Valued Lukasiewicz Modal Logic Is PSPACE-Complete.
finite-valued lukasiewicz modal logic
Advances in Nonparametric Hypothesis Testing.
nonparametric hypothesis testing
Deordering and Numeric Macro Actions for Plan Repair.
numeric macro actions	plan repair
Equilibria Under the Probabilistic Serial Rule.
probabilistic serial rule
Bases via Minimal Generators.
minimal generators
Multiscale Analysis of Document Corpora Based on Diffusion Models.
document corpora based	multiscale analysis	diffusion models
Logic on MARS: Ontologies for Generalised Property Graphs.
generalised property graphs
Finite Abstractions for the Verification of Epistemic Properties in Open Multi-Agent Systems.
open multi-agent systems	epistemic properties	finite abstractions
Self-weighted Multiview Clustering with Multiple Graphs.
self-weighted multiview clustering	multiple graphs
Improving Embeddings by Flexible Exploitation of Side Information.
improving embeddings	flexible exploitation	side information
Elicitation for Preferences Single Peaked on Trees.
preferences single peaked
Quantified Constraint Satisfaction Problems: From Relaxations to Explanations.
quantified constraint satisfaction problems
Semantic Relationship Discovery with Wikipedia Structure.
semantic relationship discovery	wikipedia structure
Version Space Reduction Based on Ensembles of Dissimilar Balanced Perceptrons.
version space reduction based	dissimilar balanced perceptrons
Declarative Programming of Search Problems with Built-in Arithmetic.
declarative programming	search problems
Measuring Statistical Dependence via the Mutual Information Dimension.
measuring statistical dependence	mutual information dimension
Cognitive Modelling for Predicting Examinee Performance.
predicting examinee performance	cognitive modelling
On the Cross-Domain Reusability of Neural Modules for General Video Game Playing.
general video game playing	cross-domain reusability	neural modules
Local Search: Is Brute-Force Avoidable?
local search	brute-force avoidable
Logic Tensor Networks for Semantic Image Interpretation.
semantic image interpretation	logic tensor networks
Adaptive Sharing for Image Classification.
image classification	adaptive sharing
Grounding for Model Expansion in k-Guarded Formulas with Inductive Definitions.
k-guarded formulas	inductive definitions	model expansion
JM-Net and Cluster-SVM for Aerial Scene Classification.
aerial scene classification
A Probabilistic Approach to Latent Cluster Analysis.
latent cluster analysis	probabilistic approach
Lost in Translation: Language Independence in Propositional Logic - Application to Belief Revision and Belief Merging.
language independence	belief merging	belief revision	propositional logic
User Similarity from Linked Taxonomies: Subjective Assessments of Items.
user similarity	linked taxonomies	subjective assessments
Optimal Incremental Preference Elicitation during Negotiation.
optimal incremental preference elicitation
Local Search for Minimum Weight Dominating Set with Two-Level Configuration Checking and Frequency Based Scoring Function (Extended Abstract).
frequency based scoring function	minimum weight dominating set	two-level configuration checking	extended abstract	local search
A Data-Driven Approach to Infer Knowledge Base Representation for Natural Language Relations.
infer knowledge base representation	natural language relations	data-driven approach
Regret Minimization in Multiplayer Extensive Games.
multiplayer extensive games	regret minimization
Large Scale Online Kernel Classification.
large scale online kernel classification
Entity Linking with Effective Acronym Expansion, Instance Selection, and Topic Modeling.
effective acronym expansion	instance selection	topic modeling	entity linking
Attachment Centrality for Weighted Graphs.
attachment centrality	weighted graphs
Tensor Completion with Side Information: A Riemannian Manifold Approach.
riemannian manifold approach	side information	tensor completion
Computing Infinite Plans for LTL Goals Using a Classical Planner.
computing infinite plans	classical planner	ltl goals
Reduction in Triadic Data Sets.
triadic data sets
A Core-Guided Approach to Learning Optimal Causal Graphs.
learning optimal causal graphs	core-guided approach
Grounding Abstractions in Predictive State Representations.
predictive state representations	grounding abstractions
Sparse Reconstruction for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation.
weakly supervised semantic segmentation	sparse reconstruction
Integrating Specialized Classifiers Based on Continuous Time Markov Chain.
continuous time markov chain	integrating specialized classifiers based
An Expert-Level Card Playing Agent Based on a Variant of Perfect Information Monte Carlo Sampling.
expert-level card playing agent based	perfect information monte carlo sampling
Intelligent Tutoring Systems: New Challenges and Directions.
intelligent tutoring systems
A framework for short-term activity-aware load forecasting.
short-term activity-aware load forecasting
Learning Deep Intrinsic Video Representation by Exploring Temporal Coherence and Graph Structure.
learning deep intrinsic video representation	exploring temporal coherence	graph structure
On the Compilation of Stratified Belief Bases under Linear and Possibilistic Logic Policies.
possibilistic logic policies	stratified belief bases
Efficiently Exploiting Symmetries in Real Time Dynamic Programming.
real time dynamic programming	efficiently exploiting symmetries
Modular Systems with Preferences.
modular systems
Exemplar-centered Supervised Shallow Parametric Data Embedding.
exemplar-centered supervised shallow parametric data embedding
Learning Multi-level Region Consistency with Dense Multi-label Networks for Semantic Segmentation.
learning multi-level region consistency	dense multi-label networks	semantic segmentation
Dynamic Mixture Models for Multiple Time-Series.
dynamic mixture models	multiple time-series
Some Effects of a Reduced Relational Vocabulary on the Whodunit Problem.
reduced relational vocabulary	whodunit problem
Personnel Scheduling as Satisfiability Modulo Theories.
satisfiability modulo theories	personnel scheduling
Formal Analysis of Dialogues on Infinite Argumentation Frameworks.
infinite argumentation frameworks	formal analysis
Large Linear Classification When Data Cannot Fit in Memory.
large linear classification
A* Search with Inconsistent Heuristics.
inconsistent heuristics
A Robust Noise Resistant Algorithm for POI Identification from Flickr Data.
robust noise resistant algorithm	flickr data	poi identification
Predicting Human Interaction via Relative Attention Model.
predicting human interaction	relative attention model
Conservative Rewritability of Description Logic TBoxes.
description logic tboxes	conservative rewritability
Reformulating Queries: Theory and Practice.
reformulating queries
Fast Network Embedding Enhancement via High Order Proximity Approximation.
high order proximity approximation	fast network embedding enhancement
Catch the Black Sheep: Unified Framework for Shilling Attack Detection Based on Fraudulent Action Propagation.
shilling attack detection based	fraudulent action propagation	black sheep	unified framework
A Market Clearing Solution for Social Lending.
market clearing solution	social lending
Belief Revision and Progression of Knowledge Bases in the Epistemic Situation Calculus.
epistemic situation calculus	belief revision	knowledge bases
Proceedings of the 2nd International Workshop on Social Influence Analysis co-located with 25th International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI 2016), New York City, New York, USA, July 9, 2016.
social influence analysis co-located	25th international joint conference	2nd international workshop	artificial intelligence
Belief Manipulation Through Propositional Announcements.
belief manipulation	propositional announcements
Co-Acquisition of Syntax and Semantics - An Investigation in Spatial Language.
spatial language
Controllable Procedural Content Generation via Constrained Multi-Dimensional Markov Chain Sampling.
constrained multi-dimensional markov chain sampling	controllable procedural content generation
Bounded Suboptimal Multi-Agent Path Finding Using Highways.
bounded suboptimal multi-agent path finding
Acquiring a Robust Case Base for the Robot Soccer Domain.
robot soccer domain	robust case base
Ubiquitous Self-Organizing Maps.
ubiquitous self-organizing maps
Role Forgetting for ALCOQH(universal role)-Ontologies Using an Ackermann-Based Approach.
ackermann-based approach	universal role	role forgetting
Strengthening Schedules through Uncertainty Analysis Agents.
uncertainty analysis agents	strengthening schedules
Beyond Object Recognition: Visual Sentiment Analysis with Deep Coupled Adjective and Noun Neural Networks.
deep coupled adjective	noun neural networks	visual sentiment analysis	object recognition
Better Generalization with Forecasts.
generalization
Efficient Private ERM for Smooth Objectives.
efficient private erm	smooth objectives
Unsupervised Discretization Using Kernel Density Estimation.
kernel density estimation	unsupervised discretization
Learning Defining Features for Categories.
learning defining features
Logic Programming for Boolean Networks.
logic programming	boolean networks
Abstract Interpretation of Programs for Model-Based Debugging.
model-based debugging	abstract interpretation
Learning a Robust Consensus Matrix for Clustering Ensemble via Kullback-Leibler Divergence Minimization.
robust consensus matrix	kullback-leibler divergence minimization	clustering ensemble
Equivalence Relations in Fully and Partially Observable Markov Decision Processes.
partially observable markov decision processes	equivalence relations
Maximum Entropy Semi-Supervised Inverse Reinforcement Learning.
maximum entropy semi-supervised inverse reinforcement learning
Syntax-Based Deep Matching of Short Texts.
syntax-based deep matching	short texts
Detection of Cognitive States from fMRI Data Using Machine Learning Techniques.
machine learning techniques	cognitive states	fmri data
A Novel Feature Matching Strategy for Large Scale Image Retrieval.
large scale image retrieval	feature matching strategy
Diagnosis of Technical Systems.
technical systems
Adaptive Genetic Algorithm with Mutation and Crossover Matrices.
adaptive genetic algorithm	crossover matrices
Robust Repositioning to Counter Unpredictable Demand in Bike Sharing Systems.
counter unpredictable demand	bike sharing systems	robust repositioning
COBRA: A Fast and Simple Method for Active Clustering with Pairwise Constraints.
active clustering	pairwise constraints	simple method
A Multi-Agent Medical System for Indian Rural Infant and Child Care.
indian rural infant	multi-agent medical system	child care
Trembling Hand Equilibria of Plurality Voting.
trembling hand equilibria	plurality voting
Empirical Risk Minimization for Metric Learning Using Privileged Information.
empirical risk minimization	metric learning	privileged information
Multiple Constraint Acquisition.
multiple constraint acquisition
A Proof-Theoretical View of Collective Rationality.
collective rationality	proof-theoretical view
Qualitative Spatial and Temporal Reasoning: Efficient Algorithms for Everyone.
efficient algorithms	temporal reasoning	qualitative spatial
Choosing Collectively Optimal Sets of Alternatives Based on the Condorcet Criterion.
choosing collectively optimal sets	alternatives based	condorcet criterion
Q-Error as a Selection Mechanism in Modular Reinforcement-Learning Systems.
modular reinforcement-learning systems	selection mechanism
Role Assignment for Game-Theoretic Cooperation.
role assignment	game-theoretic cooperation
Using Strategic Logics to Reason about Agent Programs.
agent programs	strategic logics
Dimensionally Guided Synthesis of Mathematical Word Problems.
mathematical word problems	dimensionally guided synthesis
Monte Carlo Tree Search in Simultaneous Move Games with Applications to Goofspiel.
monte carlo tree search	simultaneous move games
Strong Syntax Splitting for Iterated Belief Revision.
iterated belief revision	strong syntax splitting
Learning with Previously Unseen Features.
previously unseen features
Ontology Population using Corpus Statistics.
corpus statistics	ontology population
Context-Sensitive Diagnosis of Discrete-Event Systems.
discrete-event systems	context-sensitive diagnosis
DrMAD: Distilling Reverse-Mode Automatic Differentiation for Optimizing Hyperparameters of Deep Neural Networks.
distilling reverse-mode automatic differentiation	deep neural networks	optimizing hyperparameters
Improve Tree Kernel-Based Event Pronoun Resolution with Competitive Information.
improve tree kernel-based event pronoun resolution	competitive information
Strategic Abstention Based on Preference Extensions: Positive Results and Computer-Generated Impossibilities.
strategic abstention based	positive results	computer-generated impossibilities	preference extensions
Multi-Label Classification with Feature-Aware Non-Linear Label Space Transformation.
feature-aware non-linear label space transformation	multi-label classification
IJCAI-09 Conference Organization.
ijcai-09 conference organization
A New Bayesian Approach to Multiple Intermittent Fault Diagnosis.
multiple intermittent fault diagnosis	bayesian approach
How Robust Is the Wisdom of the Crowds?
robust
Aggressive, Tense or Shy? Identifying Personality Traits from Crowd Videos.
identifying personality traits	crowd videos
Streamed Learning: One-Pass SVMs.
one-pass svms	streamed learning
Generalized Discrete Preference Games.
generalized discrete preference games
Continuous Correlated Beta Processes.
continuous correlated beta processes
A Multi-Agent Learning Approach to Online Distributed Resource Allocation.
online distributed resource allocation	multi-agent learning approach
Nonmyopic Adaptive Informative Path Planning for Multiple Robots.
nonmyopic adaptive informative path planning	multiple robots
A POMDP Approach to Influence Diagram Evaluation.
influence diagram evaluation	pomdp approach
Cake Cutting: Envy and Truth.
cake cutting
Analysis of Web Usage Patterns in Consideration of Various Contextual Factors.
web usage patterns	contextual factors
A Comparison of Time-Space Schemes for Graphical Models.
graphical models	time-space schemes
A Group-Based Personalized Model for Image Privacy Classification and Labeling.
group-based personalized model	image privacy classification
A General Framework for Interacting Bayes-Optimally with Self-Interested Agents using Arbitrary Parametric Model and Model Prior.
arbitrary parametric model	model prior	general framework	interacting bayes-optimally	self-interested agents
Incentivizing Peer Grading in MOOCS: An Audit Game Approach.
audit game approach	incentivizing peer grading
The Spatio-Temporal Representation of Natural Reading.
natural reading	spatio-temporal representation
Resolute Choice in Sequential Decision Problems with Multiple Priors.
sequential decision problems	resolute choice	multiple priors
Assigning a Small Agreeable Set of Indivisible Items to Multiple Players.
small agreeable set	multiple players	indivisible items
Feature Ensemble Plus Sample Selection: Domain Adaptation for Sentiment Classification (Extended Abstract).
sample selection	domain adaptation	sentiment classification	extended abstract	feature ensemble
A Monte Carlo Tree Search approach to Active Malware Analysis.
monte carlo tree search approach	active malware analysis
Efficient Inexact Proximal Gradient Algorithm for Nonconvex Problems.
efficient inexact proximal gradient algorithm	nonconvex problems
Distance Metric Learning under Covariate Shift.
distance metric learning	covariate shift
Online Community Detection for Large Complex Networks.
large complex networks	online community detection
Cyclic Causal Models with Discrete Variables: Markov Chain Equilibrium Semantics and Sample Ordering.
markov chain equilibrium semantics	cyclic causal models	discrete variables	sample ordering
Decidable Reasoning in a Logic of Limited Belief with Introspection and Unknown Individuals.
unknown individuals	limited belief	decidable reasoning
Testing Edges by Truncations.
testing edges
Sequential Bundle-Bid Single-Sale Auction Algorithms for Decentralized Control.
sequential bundle-bid single-sale auction algorithms	decentralized control
Batch Reinforcement Learning for Smart Home Energy Management.
smart home energy management	batch reinforcement learning
Optimally Solving Dec-POMDPs as Continuous-State MDPs.
optimally solving dec-pomdps	continuous-state mdps
An Adaptive Process Management System Implementation Based on Situation Calculus, Indigolog and Classical Planning.
adaptive process management system implementation based	classical planning	situation calculus
Learning User's Intrinsic and Extrinsic Interests for Point-of-Interest Recommendation: A Unified Approach.
point-of-interest recommendation	unified approach	extrinsic interests	learning user
On the Static Analysis for SPARQL Queries Using Modal Logic.
sparql queries	modal logic	static analysis
Logic Program Termination Analysis Using Atom Sizes.
logic program termination analysis	atom sizes
Answering Conjunctive Regular Path Queries over Guarded Existential Rules.
answering conjunctive regular path queries	guarded existential rules
SAT-Based Approaches for the General High School Timetabling Problem.
general high school timetabling problem	sat-based approaches
Improving the Generalization Performance of Multi-class SVM via Angular Regularization.
generalization performance	angular regularization	multi-class svm
Statistical Parsing with Probabilistic Symbol-Refined Tree Substitution Grammars.
probabilistic symbol-refined tree substitution grammars	statistical parsing
Angular Decomposition.
angular decomposition
A Feature-Enriched Neural Model for Joint Chinese Word Segmentation and Part-of-Speech Tagging.
joint chinese word segmentation	feature-enriched neural model	part-of-speech tagging
On Random Quotas and Proportional Representation in Weighted Voting Games.
weighted voting games	proportional representation	random quotas
SCMF: Sparse Covariance Matrix Factorization for Collaborative Filtering.
sparse covariance matrix factorization	collaborative filtering
Constructing Career Histories: A Case Study in Disentangling the Threads.
constructing career histories	case study
Domain Adaptation for Learning from Label Proportions Using Self-Training.
domain adaptation	label proportions
Learning Regular Languages via Alternating Automata.
learning regular languages	alternating automata
Linear-Time Outlier Detection via Sensitivity.
linear-time outlier detection
Large-Scale Spectral Clustering on Graphs.
large-scale spectral clustering
I-dual: Solving Constrained SSPs via Heuristic Search in the Dual Space.
solving constrained ssps	dual space	heuristic search
Optimal and Adaptive Algorithms for Online Boosting.
online boosting	adaptive algorithms
Learning Implied Global Constraints.
learning implied global constraints
Some Properties of Batch Value of Information in the Selection Problem (Extended Abstract).
selection problem	extended abstract
Automatic Description Generation from Images: A Survey of Models, Datasets, and Evaluation Measures (Extended Abstract).
automatic description generation	extended abstract	evaluation measures
Goal Recognition over POMDPs: Inferring the Intention of a POMDP Agent.
goal recognition	pomdp agent
Effective Planning with More Expressive Languages.
effective planning	expressive languages
A Human Activity Aware Learning Mobile Music Player.
human activity aware learning mobile music player
Hypercubewise Preference Aggregation in Multi-Issue Domains.
hypercubewise preference aggregation	multi-issue domains
Heuristics for Cost-Optimal Classical Planning Based on Linear Programming.
cost-optimal classical planning based	linear programming
Query Conservative Extensions in Horn Description Logics with Inverse Roles.
horn description logics	query conservative extensions	inverse roles
Word Sense Disambiguation for All Words without Hard Labor.
word sense disambiguation	hard labor
Question Answering via Integer Programming over Semi-Structured Knowledge.
question answering	integer programming	semi-structured knowledge
A Novel Bayesian Similarity Measure for Recommender Systems.
bayesian similarity measure	recommender systems
Constraint and Variable Ordering Heuristics for Compiling Configuration Problems.
variable ordering heuristics	compiling configuration problems
Trust Mechanisms for Online Systems (Extended Abstract).
trust mechanisms	extended abstract	online systems
Short-Term Wind Power Forecasting Using Gaussian Processes.
short-term wind power forecasting	gaussian processes
Optimal Policy Generation for Partially Satisfiable Co-Safe LTL Specifications.
partially satisfiable co-safe ltl specifications	optimal policy generation
Smoothing for Bracketing Induction.
bracketing induction
Mind the Eigen-Gap, or How to Accelerate Semi-Supervised Spectral Learning Algorithms.
accelerate semi-supervised spectral learning algorithms
Perception Evolution Network Adapting to the Emergence of New Sensory Receptor.
perception evolution network adapting	sensory receptor
Gossip-Based Aggregation of Trust in Decentralized Reputation Systems.
decentralized reputation systems	gossip-based aggregation
Automated Mechanism Design without Money via Machine Learning.
automated mechanism design	machine learning
VIPR: An Interactive Tool for Meaningful Visualization of High-Dimensional Data.
interactive tool	meaningful visualization	high-dimensional data
Evolving Families of Shapes.
evolving families
Handling Complex Commands as Service Robot Task Requests.
service robot task requests	handling complex commands
Deep Multi-species Embedding.
deep multi-species embedding
Ordinal Zero-Shot Learning.
ordinal zero-shot learning
Target-Dependent Twitter Sentiment Classification with Rich Automatic Features.
target-dependent twitter sentiment classification	rich automatic features
Computing Stable Models for Nonmonotonic Existential Rules.
computing stable models	nonmonotonic existential rules
Answer-Set Programming with Bounded Treewidth.
answer-set programming	bounded treewidth
On Mining Closed Sets in Multi-Relational Data.
mining closed sets	multi-relational data
Social Influence Locality for Modeling Retweeting Behaviors.
modeling retweeting behaviors	social influence locality
Automated Heart Wall Motion Abnormality Detection from Ultrasound Images Using Bayesian Networks.
automated heart wall motion abnormality detection	ultrasound images	bayesian networks
On the Complexity of Dealing with Inconsistency in Description Logic Ontologies.
description logic ontologies
Sherlock: Sparse Hierarchical Embeddings for Visually-Aware One-Class Collaborative Filtering.
visually-aware one-class collaborative filtering	sparse hierarchical embeddings
Exploring Personalized Neural Conversational Models.
exploring personalized neural conversational models
Fast Anomaly Detection for Streaming Data.
fast anomaly detection	streaming data
Encoding and Recall of Spatio-Temporal Episodic Memory in Real Time.
spatio-temporal episodic memory	real time
Equilibria in Ordinal Games: A Framework based on Possibility Theory.
possibility theory	ordinal games	framework based
Semantic Topic Multimodal Hashing for Cross-Media Retrieval.
semantic topic multimodal hashing	cross-media retrieval
Definability of Horn Revision from Horn Contraction.
horn revision	horn contraction
Logic meets Probability: Towards Explainable AI Systems for Uncertain Worlds.
logic meets probability	explainable ai systems	uncertain worlds
Stochastic Online Anomaly Analysis for Streaming Time Series.
stochastic online anomaly analysis	streaming time series
Lightweight Temporal Description Logics with Rigid Roles and Restricted TBoxes.
lightweight temporal description logics	rigid roles	restricted tboxes
Adaptive Learning Rate via Covariance Matrix Based Preconditioning for Deep Neural Networks.
covariance matrix based preconditioning	deep neural networks	adaptive learning rate
Fair Allocation based on Diminishing Differences.
fair allocation based	diminishing differences
Coalitional Games via Network Flows.
network flows	coalitional games
Partial-Tree Linearization: Generalized Word Ordering for Text Synthesis.
generalized word ordering	text synthesis	partial-tree linearization
Lower Bounds for Width-Restricted Clause Learning on Formulas of Small Width.
width-restricted clause learning	lower bounds	small width
Model-Driven Engineering of Simulations for Smart Roads.
smart roads	model-driven engineering
Foundations for Uniform Interpolation and Forgetting in Expressive Description Logics.
expressive description logics	uniform interpolation
On Qualitative Route Descriptions: Representation and Computational Complexity.
qualitative route descriptions	computational complexity
Multi-view Self-Paced Learning for Clustering.
multi-view self-paced learning
The Fringe-Saving A* Search Algorithm - A Feasibility Study.
* search algorithm	feasibility study
Proceedings of the First International Workshop on AI and Feedback, AInF 2015, co-located with the 24th International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI 2015), Buenos Aires, Argentina, July 26, 2015.
24th international joint conference	international workshop	buenos aires	artificial intelligence
Detecting Rumors from Microblogs with Recurrent Neural Networks.
recurrent neural networks	detecting rumors
Graph Embedding with Constraints.
graph embedding
Active Learning from Relative Queries.
relative queries	active learning
Self-paced Compensatory Deep Boltzmann Machine for Semi-Structured Document Embedding.
self-paced compensatory deep boltzmann machine	semi-structured document embedding
A Reputation Management Approach for Resource Constrained Trustee Agents.
resource constrained trustee agents	reputation management approach
When Are Description Logic Knowledge Bases Indistinguishable?
description logic knowledge bases indistinguishable
Discerning Linkage-Based Algorithms among Hierarchical Clustering Methods.
discerning linkage-based algorithms	hierarchical clustering methods
Identifying Expressions of Opinion in Context.
identifying expressions
Online Hashing.
online hashing
Speaker-Invariant Features for Automatic Speech Recognition.
automatic speech recognition	speaker-invariant features
Modular Community Detection in Networks.
modular community detection
Semi-supervised Max-margin Topic Model with Manifold Posterior Regularization.
semi-supervised max-margin topic model	manifold posterior regularization
Risk-Sensitive Policies for Sustainable Renewable Resource Allocation.
sustainable renewable resource allocation	risk-sensitive policies
Fast (Incremental) Algorithms for Useful Classes of Simple Temporal Problems with Preferences.
simple temporal problems
Knowledge Transfer on Hybrid Graph.
hybrid graph	knowledge transfer
Multiple Task Learning Using Iteratively Reweighted Least Square.
multiple task learning	iteratively reweighted
Bayesian Chain Classifiers for Multidimensional Classification.
bayesian chain classifiers	multidimensional classification
Swarm Systems in the Visualization of Consumption Patterns.
swarm systems	consumption patterns
Towards Social Problem-Solving with Human Subjects.
social problem-solving	human subjects
Fault-Tolerant Planning under Uncertainty.
fault-tolerant planning
Learning Hedonic Games.
learning hedonic games
Packing Graphs with ASP for Landscape Simulation.
landscape simulation	packing graphs
Case Adaptation with Qualitative Algebras.
qualitative algebras	case adaptation
Edge Partitioning in External-Memory Graph Search.
external-memory graph search	edge partitioning
A Hidden Markov Model Variant for Sequence Classification.
hidden markov model variant	sequence classification
Bounded Suboptimal Search: A Direct Approach Using Inadmissible Estimates.
bounded suboptimal search	inadmissible estimates	direct approach
Query Reasoning on Trees with Types, Interleaving, and Counting.
query reasoning
Short Text Conceptualization Using a Probabilistic Knowledgebase.
short text conceptualization	probabilistic knowledgebase
Linear Arithmetic Satisfiability via Strategy Improvement.
linear arithmetic satisfiability	strategy improvement
Selling Reserved Instances in Cloud Computing.
selling reserved instances	cloud computing
Learning Optimal Subsets with Implicit User Preferences.
learning optimal subsets	implicit user preferences
Topological Value Iteration Algorithm for Markov Decision Processes.
markov decision processes	iteration algorithm
Eliciting Additive Reward Functions for Markov Decision Processes.
eliciting additive reward functions	markov decision processes
Parallel Pareto Optimization for Subset Selection.
parallel pareto optimization	subset selection
Learning Predictive State Representations via Monte-Carlo Tree Search.
learning predictive state representations	monte-carlo tree search
A Convengent Solution to Tensor Subspace Learning.
tensor subspace learning	convengent solution
A Dual-Stage Attention-Based Recurrent Neural Network for Time Series Prediction.
dual-stage attention-based recurrent neural network	time series prediction
Improving Anytime Point-Based Value Iteration Using Principled Point Selections.
principled point selections	improving anytime point-based
Conics with a Common Axis of Symmetry: Properties and Applications to Camera Calibration.
camera calibration	common axis
Multiple Indefinite Kernel Learning for Feature Selection.
multiple indefinite kernel learning	feature selection
A Constructive Approach to Independent and Evidence Retaining Belief Revision by General Information Sets.
evidence retaining belief revision	general information sets	constructive approach
Preference Inference through Rescaling Preference Learning.
rescaling preference learning	preference inference
What Is Where: Inferring Containment Relations from Videos.
inferring containment relations
Binary Aggregation with Integrity Constraints.
binary aggregation	integrity constraints
Iterated Belief Contraction from First Principles.
iterated belief contraction
Match-SRNN: Modeling the Recursive Matching Structure with Spatial RNN.
recursive matching structure	spatial rnn
Robust Asymmetric Bayesian Adaptive Matrix Factorization.
robust asymmetric bayesian adaptive matrix factorization
Exploiting Causality for Selective Belief Filtering in Dynamic Bayesian Networks (Extended Abstract).
selective belief filtering	dynamic bayesian networks	extended abstract	exploiting causality
A Distributed Platform to Ease the Development of Recommendation Algorithms on Large-Scale Graphs.
recommendation algorithms	distributed platform	large-scale graphs
Additive Merge-and-Shrink Heuristics for Diverse Action Costs.
additive merge-and-shrink heuristics	diverse action costs
The Power of Local Manipulation Strategies in Assignment Mechanisms.
local manipulation strategies	assignment mechanisms
Using Graphs of Classifiers to Impose Declarative Constraints on Semi-supervised Learning.
impose declarative constraints	semi-supervised learning
Reasoning with Probabilistic Ontologies.
probabilistic ontologies
Search Strategies for an Anytime Usage of the Branch and Prune Algorithm.
prune algorithm	anytime usage	search strategies
No Pizza for You: Value-based Plan Selection in BDI Agents.
value-based plan selection	bdi agents
Verification of Generalized Inconsistency-Aware Knowledge and Action Bases.
generalized inconsistency-aware knowledge	action bases
Driver Frustration Detection from Audio and Video in the Wild.
driver frustration detection
Maintaining Predictions over Time without a Model.
maintaining predictions
Decision-Theoretic Planning with Linguistic Terms in Golog.
linguistic terms	decision-theoretic planning
The Surakarta Bot Revealed.
surakarta bot revealed
Stochastic Constraint Programming with And-Or Branch-and-Bound.
stochastic constraint programming
Defeasible Inclusions in Low-Complexity DLs: Preliminary Notes.
preliminary notes	defeasible inclusions	low-complexity dls
Forecasting Multi-Appliance Usage for Smart Home Energy Management.
smart home energy management	forecasting multi-appliance usage
Symbolic Merge-and-Shrink for Cost-Optimal Planning.
cost-optimal planning	symbolic merge-and-shrink
Max-Sum Goes Private.
max-sum
How Pervasive Is the Myerson-Satterthwaite Impossibility?
myerson-satterthwaite impossibility
An Experience on Reputation Models Interoperability Based on a Functional Ontology.
reputation models interoperability based	functional ontology
Automatic Synthesis of Smart Table Constraints by Abstraction of Table Constraints.
smart table constraints	table constraints	automatic synthesis
Factored Probabilistic Belief Tracking.
factored probabilistic belief tracking
A Framework for Decentralized Qualitative Model-Based Diagnosis.
decentralized qualitative model-based diagnosis
Probabilistic Inference Modulo Theories.
probabilistic inference modulo theories
Learning Policies for Embodied Virtual Agents through Demonstration.
embodied virtual agents	learning policies
Scalable Normalized Cut with Improved Spectral Rotation.
improved spectral rotation	scalable normalized cut
Agent Failures in All-Pay Auctions.
all-pay auctions	agent failures
Scalable Probabilistic Tensor Factorization for Binary and Count Data.
scalable probabilistic tensor factorization	count data
Map Matching with Inverse Reinforcement Learning.
inverse reinforcement learning	map matching
Approximating Optimal Combinatorial Auctions for Complements Using Restricted Welfare Maximization.
approximating optimal combinatorial auctions	restricted welfare maximization
Applications and Extensions of PTIME Description Logics with Functional Constraints.
ptime description logics	functional constraints
Planning under Partial Observability by Classical Replanning: Theory and Experiments.
classical replanning	partial observability
Multi-Document Abstractive Summarization Using ILP Based Multi-Sentence Compression.
ilp based multi-sentence compression	multi-document abstractive summarization
Learning a Value Analysis Tool for Agent Evaluation.
agent evaluation	analysis tool
Domain-Independent, Automatic Partitioning for Probabilistic Planning.
automatic partitioning	probabilistic planning
A Translation-Based Approach to Contingent Planning.
contingent planning	translation-based approach
Plan Quality Optimisation via Block Decomposition.
plan quality optimisation	block decomposition
Conceptual Visualization and Navigation Methods for Polyadic Formal Concept Analysis.
polyadic formal concept analysis	conceptual visualization	navigation methods
Finding the Hidden Gems: Recommending Untagged Music.
recommending untagged music	hidden gems
Transfer Learning from Minimal Target Data by Mapping across Relational Domains.
minimal target data	transfer learning	relational domains
Computing Datalog Rewritings Beyond Horn Ontologies.
computing datalog rewritings	horn ontologies
Awards and Distinguished Papers.
distinguished papers
Open Information Extraction Systems and Downstream Applications.
open information extraction systems	downstream applications
Compact MDDs for Pseudo-Boolean Constraints with At-Most-One Relations in Resource-Constrained Scheduling Problems.
resource-constrained scheduling problems	compact mdds	pseudo-boolean constraints
Detecting Student Emotions in Computer-Enabled Classrooms.
detecting student emotions	computer-enabled classrooms
Semiring-Based Mini-Bucket Partitioning Schemes.
semiring-based mini-bucket partitioning schemes
Large Margin Boltzmann Machines.
large margin boltzmann machines
Creating Action Heuristics for General Game Playing Agents.
general game playing agents	creating action heuristics
SegGen: A Genetic Algorithm for Linear Text Segmentation.
linear text segmentation	genetic algorithm
Probabilistic Go Theories.
probabilistic
Knowledge-Based WSD and Specific Domains: Performing Better than Generic Supervised WSD.
generic supervised wsd	knowledge-based wsd	specific domains
Learning Community-Based Preferences via Dirichlet Process Mixtures of Gaussian Processes.
learning community-based preferences	dirichlet process mixtures	gaussian processes
Ranking Constraints.
ranking constraints
Compromise-free Pathfinding on a Navigation Mesh.
compromise-free pathfinding	navigation mesh
Effective and Efficient Microprocessor Design Space Exploration Using Unlabeled Design Configurations.
efficient microprocessor design space exploration	unlabeled design configurations
Using Experience to Generate New Regulations.
regulations
An Adaptive Context-Based Algorithm for Term Weighting: Application to Single-Word Question Answering.
adaptive context-based algorithm	single-word question answering	term weighting
Interpreting Written How-To Instructions.
interpreting written how-
New Improvements in Optimal Rectangle Packing.
optimal rectangle packing
Deep Low-Rank Coding for Transfer Learning.
deep low-rank coding	transfer learning
Coordinating Logistics Operations with Privacy Guarantees.
coordinating logistics operations	privacy guarantees
On Trivial Solution and Scale Transfer Problems in Graph Regularized NMF.
graph regularized nmf	scale transfer problems	trivial solution
Modeling and Reasoning about NTU Games via Answer Set Programming.
answer set programming	ntu games
Digital Good Exchange.
digital good exchange
Interdependent Scheduling Games.
interdependent scheduling games
Interactive Attention Networks for Aspect-Level Sentiment Classification.
interactive attention networks	aspect-level sentiment classification
Learning to Order Objects Using Haptic and Proprioceptive Exploratory Behaviors.
proprioceptive exploratory behaviors	order objects
Early Active Learning via Robust Representation and Structured Sparsity.
early active learning	structured sparsity	robust representation
Control Complexity of Schulze Voting.
schulze voting	control complexity
On Multiple Kernel Learning with Multiple Labels.
multiple kernel learning	multiple labels
Local Topic Discovery via Boosted Ensemble of Nonnegative Matrix Factorization.
nonnegative matrix factorization	local topic discovery	boosted ensemble
Proceedings of the 9th Workshop on Multimedia for Cooking and Eating Activities in conjunction with The 2017 International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence, Melbourne, Australia, August 20 - 20, 2017
2017 international joint conference	9th workshop	eating activities	artificial intelligence
Revenue Maximization Envy-Free Pricing for Homogeneous Resources.
revenue maximization envy-free pricing	homogeneous resources
Tractable Approximations of Consistent Query Answering for Robust Ontology-based Data Access.
robust ontology-based data access	consistent query answering	tractable approximations
A Call Admission Control Scheme Using NeuroEvolution Algorithm in Cellular Networks.
call admission control scheme	cellular networks	neuroevolution algorithm
Multi-Instance Learning with Key Instance Shift.
key instance shift	multi-instance learning
Using Topological Statistics to Bias and Accelerate Route Choice: Preliminary Findings in Synthetic and Real-World Road Networks.
real-world road networks	accelerate route choice	topological statistics	preliminary findings
Extension Enforcement in Abstract Argumentation as an Optimization Problem.
extension enforcement	abstract argumentation	optimization problem
Algorithmic Bias in Autonomous Systems.
autonomous systems	algorithmic bias
Spatial Processes for Recommender Systems.
spatial processes	recommender systems
Endogenous Boolean Games.
endogenous boolean games
Search and Learn: On Dead-End Detectors, the Traps they Set, and Trap Learning.
dead-end detectors	trap learning
Towards Intelligent Visual Understanding under Minimal Supervision.
intelligent visual understanding	minimal supervision
Inference Machines for Nonparametric Filter Learning.
nonparametric filter learning	inference machines
Collaborative Filtering with Generalized Laplacian Constraint via Overlapping Decomposition.
generalized laplacian constraint	overlapping decomposition	collaborative filtering
Knowledge Engineering for Intelligent Decision Support.
intelligent decision support	knowledge engineering
Counting Linear Extensions of Sparse Posets.
counting linear extensions	sparse posets
Learning to Learn Programs from Examples: Going Beyond Program Structure.
program structure	learn programs
Evaluation of Arguments from Support Relations: Axioms and Semantics.
support relations
The Ins and Outs of Critiquing.
outs
A Theoretic Framework of K-Means-Based Consensus Clustering.
k-means-based consensus clustering	theoretic framework
Social Distance Games.
social distance games
Abstract Dialectical Frameworks Revisited.
abstract dialectical frameworks revisited
Learning to Trade in Strategic Board Games.
strategic board games
Generalised Fictitious Play for a Continuum of Anonymous Players.
generalised fictitious play	anonymous players
Containment of Regular Path Queries under Description Logic Constraints.
regular path queries	description logic constraints
Bayesian Reinforcement Learning with Behavioral Feedback.
bayesian reinforcement learning	behavioral feedback
Optimal Set Recommendations Based on Regret.
optimal set recommendations based
Statistical Tests for the Detection of the Arrow of Time in Vector Autoregressive Models.
vector autoregressive models	statistical tests
Lazy Classication with Interval Pattern Structures: Application to Credit Scoring.
interval pattern structures	lazy classication	credit scoring
A Characterization of Voting Power for Discrete Weight Distributions.
discrete weight distributions	voting power
Domain-Guided Novelty Detection for Autonomous Exploration.
domain-guided novelty detection	autonomous exploration
Bayesian Optimization in High Dimensions via Random Embeddings.
random embeddings	bayesian optimization	high dimensions
A Semantical Account of Progression in the Presence of Defaults.
semantical account
Looking at Mondrian's Victory Boogie-Woogie: What Do I Feel?
victory boogie-woogie
Model Checking Multi-Agent Systems against LDLK Specifications.
model checking multi-agent systems	ldlk specifications
Diversifying Convex Transductive Experimental Design for Active Learning.
diversifying convex transductive experimental design	active learning
A Novel Symbolic Approach to Verifying Epistemic Properties of Programs.
verifying epistemic properties	symbolic approach
Quantifying and Improving the Robustness of Trust Systems.
trust systems
Contextual Covariance Matrix Adaptation Evolutionary Strategies.
contextual covariance matrix adaptation evolutionary strategies
Blue Skies: A Methodology for Data-Driven Clear Sky Modelling.
data-driven clear sky modelling	blue skies
The RoboEarth Language: Representing and Exchanging Knowledge about Actions, Objects, and Environments (Extended Abstract).
extended abstract	roboearth language	exchanging knowledge
Multimodal News Article Analysis.
multimodal news article analysis
Assessing Translation Ability through Vocabulary Ability Assessment.
vocabulary ability assessment	assessing translation ability
H-Index Manipulation by Merging Articles: Models, Theory, and Experiments.
h-index manipulation	merging articles
Questimator: Generating Knowledge Assessments for Arbitrary Topics.
generating knowledge assessments	arbitrary topics
An Empirical Study of the Noise Impact on Cost-Sensitive Learning.
noise impact	cost-sensitive learning	empirical study
Recognizing Top-Monotonic Preference Profiles in Polynomial Time.
recognizing top-monotonic preference profiles	polynomial time
Relevance Feedback between Web Search and the Semantic Web.
relevance feedback	semantic web	web search
Microblog Sentiment Classification via Recurrent Random Walk Network Learning.
recurrent random walk network learning	microblog sentiment classification
ME-MD: An Effective Framework for Neural Machine Translation with Multiple Encoders and Decoders.
neural machine translation	effective framework	multiple encoders
Exploring Knowledge Engineering Strategies in Designing and Modelling a Road Traffic Accident Management Domain.
road traffic accident management domain	exploring knowledge engineering strategies
Hierarchical Model Predictive Control for Multi-Robot Navigation.
hierarchical model predictive control	multi-robot navigation
Learning to Interpret Natural Language Commands through Human-Robot Dialog.
interpret natural language commands	human-robot dialog
Relation Adaptation: Learning to Extract Novel Relations with Minimum Supervision.
relation adaptation	minimum supervision
Preface.
preface
Coalitional Bargaining with Agent Type Uncertainty.
agent type uncertainty	coalitional bargaining
Heuristic Algorithms for Influence Maximization in Partially Observable Social Networks.
partially observable social networks	influence maximization	heuristic algorithms
Common Sense Reasoning for Detection, Prevention, and Mitigation of Cyberbullying (Extended Abstract).
common sense reasoning	extended abstract
Argumentation System with Changes of an Agent's Knowledge Base.
argumentation system	knowledge base
Efficiency Through Procrastination: Approximately Optimal Algorithm Configuration with Runtime Guarantees.
approximately optimal algorithm configuration	runtime guarantees
Sequential Equilibrium in Computational Games.
computational games	sequential equilibrium
Differential Semantics of Intervention in Bayesian Networks.
differential semantics	bayesian networks
A Synthetic Approach for Recommendation: Combining Ratings, Social Relations, and Reviews.
social relations	synthetic approach	combining ratings
Adversarial Uncertainty in Multi-Robot Patrol.
multi-robot patrol	adversarial uncertainty
Verification of Inconsistency-Aware Knowledge and Action Bases.
inconsistency-aware knowledge	action bases
Self-Adaptive Hierarchical Sentence Model.
self-adaptive hierarchical sentence model
Dances with Words.
dances
Adaptive Group Sparse Multi-task Learning via Trace Lasso.
adaptive group sparse multi-task learning	trace lasso
Adaptation of Organizational Models for Multi-Agent Systems Based on Max Flow Networks.
multi-agent systems based	max flow networks	organizational models
Constituent Grammatical Evolution.
constituent grammatical evolution
Preference Aggregation over Restricted Ballot Languages: Sincerity and Strategy-Proofness.
restricted ballot languages	preference aggregation
End-to-end optimization of goal-driven and visually grounded dialogue systems.
visually grounded dialogue systems	end-to-end optimization
Deep Learning for Reward Design to Improve Monte Carlo Tree Search in ATARI Games.
improve monte carlo tree search	reward design	deep learning	atari games
Content-Driven Detection of Cyberbullying on the Instagram Social Network.
instagram social network	content-driven detection
Efficient Sequential Model-Based Fault-Localization with Partial Diagnoses.
efficient sequential model-based fault-localization	partial diagnoses
Bargaining for Revenue Shares on Tree Trading Networks.
tree trading networks	revenue shares
Examples and Tutored Problems: Adaptive Support Using Assistance Scores.
assistance scores	adaptive support	tutored problems
Bayesian Inverse Reinforcement Learning.
bayesian inverse reinforcement learning
Highly Accurate Gaze Estimation Using a Consumer RGB-D Sensor.
highly accurate gaze estimation	consumer rgb-
Multi-Positive and Unlabeled Learning.
unlabeled learning
Adaptive Loss Minimization for Semi-Supervised Elastic Embedding.
adaptive loss minimization	semi-supervised elastic embedding
First-Order Expressibility and Boundedness of Disjunctive Logic Programs.
disjunctive logic programs	first-order expressibility
Machine-Learning-Based Circuit Synthesis.
machine-learning-based circuit synthesis
Using Entropy to Distinguish Shape Versus Text in Hand-Drawn Diagrams.
distinguish shape versus text	hand-drawn diagrams
Browsing Regularities in Hedonic Content Systems.
hedonic content systems	browsing regularities
A New Search Engine Integrating Hierarchical Browsing and Keyword Search.
search engine integrating hierarchical browsing	keyword search
First-Order Disjunctive Logic Programming vs Normal Logic Programming.
first-order disjunctive logic programming	normal logic programming
Reasoning with Forest Logic Programs Using Fully Enriched Automata.
fully enriched automata	forest logic programs
Symmetric Component Caching.
symmetric component caching
Learning from Ontology Streams with Semantic Concept Drift.
semantic concept drift	ontology streams
Ranking Structured Documents: A Large Margin Based Approach for Patent Prior Art Search.
patent prior art search	large margin based approach	ranking structured documents
The Scaffolded Sound Beehive.
scaffolded sound beehive
Tangled Modal Logic for Spatial Reasoning.
tangled modal logic	spatial reasoning
MB-DPOP: A New Memory-Bounded Algorithm for Distributed Optimization.
memory-bounded algorithm	distributed optimization
Proactive and Reactive Coordination of Non-dedicated Agent Teams Operating in Uncertain Environments.
non-dedicated agent teams operating	uncertain environments	reactive coordination
Parametric Kernels for Sequence Data Analysis.
sequence data analysis	parametric kernels
Multi-Objective POMDPs with Lexicographic Reward Preferences.
lexicographic reward preferences	multi-objective pomdps
Bridging LSTM Architecture and the Neural Dynamics during Reading.
bridging lstm architecture	neural dynamics
Constraint Acquisition via Partial Queries.
partial queries	constraint acquisition
Improving LRTA*(k).
improving lrta*
Strategic Voting with Incomplete Information.
incomplete information	strategic voting
Large Scale Homophily Analysis in Twitter Using a Twixonomy.
large scale homophily analysis
Enhancing Sustainability of Complex Epidemiological Models through a Generic Multilevel Agent-based Approach.
generic multilevel agent-based approach	complex epidemiological models	enhancing sustainability
Efficient Kernel Selection via Spectral Analysis.
efficient kernel selection	spectral analysis
Using Gaussian Processes to Optimise Concession in Complex Negotiations against Unknown Opponents.
optimise concession	complex negotiations	gaussian processes	unknown opponents
Generalized Cluster Aggregation.
generalized cluster aggregation
Cross-modal Common Representation Learning by Hybrid Transfer Network.
cross-modal common representation learning	hybrid transfer network
Artificial Prediction Markets for Online Prediction.
artificial prediction markets	online prediction
Fusion of Word and Letter Based Metrics for Automatic MT Evaluation.
letter based metrics	automatic mt evaluation
Transfer Learning Using Task-Level Features with Application to Information Retrieval.
task-level features	information retrieval	transfer learning
A Network-Based Rating System and Its Resistance to Bribery.
network-based rating system
Portfolio Choices with Orthogonal Bandit Learning.
orthogonal bandit learning	portfolio choices
Dynamic Heuristics for Backtrack Search on Tree-Decomposition of CSPs.
dynamic heuristics	backtrack search
Truncating Shortest Path Search for Efficient Map-Matching.
truncating shortest path search	efficient map-matching
Quiet: Faster Belief Propagation for Images and Related Applications.
faster belief propagation	related applications
Bidding Languages and Winner Determination for Mixed Multi-unit Combinatorial Auctions.
mixed multi-unit combinatorial auctions	winner determination	bidding languages
Breaking Symmetries in Graph Representation.
breaking symmetries	graph representation
A Distributed Architecture for Symbolic Data Fusion.
symbolic data fusion	distributed architecture
How to Select One Preferred Assertional-Based Repair from Inconsistent and Prioritized DL-Lite Knowledge Bases?
prioritized dl-lite knowledge bases	preferred assertional-based repair
Using pattern structures to support information retrieval with Formal Concept Analysis.
support information retrieval	formal concept analysis	pattern structures
Graph-Based Multi-Modality Learning for Topic-Focused Multi-Document Summarization.
graph-based multi-modality learning	topic-focused multi-document summarization
Analysis of Sampling Algorithms for Twitter.
sampling algorithms
Completeness and Optimality Preserving Reduction for Planning.
optimality preserving reduction
Entity Embedding-Based Anomaly Detection for Heterogeneous Categorical Events.
entity embedding-based anomaly detection	heterogeneous categorical events
Activity-Based Scheduling of Science Campaigns for the Rosetta Orbiter.
activity-based scheduling	rosetta orbiter	science campaigns
Identification of Time-Dependent Causal Model: A Gaussian Process Treatment.
gaussian process treatment	time-dependent causal model
Efficient Techniques for Crowdsourced Top-k Lists.
efficient techniques	crowdsourced top-
Knowledge Graph Representation with Jointly Structural and Textual Encoding.
knowledge graph representation	jointly structural	textual encoding
Locality Adaptive Discriminant Analysis.
locality adaptive discriminant analysis
A Cortex-Inspired Neural-Symbolic Network for Knowledge Representation.
cortex-inspired neural-symbolic network	knowledge representation
Automated Conjecturing I: Fajtlowicz's Dalmatian Heuristic Revisited (Extended Abstract).
dalmatian heuristic revisited	extended abstract	automated conjecturing
Online Selection of Mediated and Domain-Specific Predictions for Improved Recommender Systems.
improved recommender systems	online selection	domain-specific predictions
TransNet: Translation-Based Network Representation Learning for Social Relation Extraction.
translation-based network representation learning	social relation extraction
The Perils of Classifying Political Orientation From Text.
classifying political orientation
Complexity Results in Epistemic Planning.
complexity results	epistemic planning
An Approach to Minimal Belief via Objective Belief.
objective belief	minimal belief
Efficient Paraconsistent Reasoning with Ontologies and Rules.
efficient paraconsistent reasoning
Robust Object Tracking with a Case-Base Updating Strategy.
case-base updating strategy	robust object tracking
CHIME: An Efficient Error-Tolerant Chinese Pinyin Input Method.
efficient error-tolerant chinese pinyin input method
MiningZinc: A Modeling Language for Constraint-Based Mining.
modeling language	constraint-based mining
Learning User Dependencies for Recommendation.
learning user dependencies
Joint Modeling of Argument Identification and Role Determination in Chinese Event Extraction with Discourse-Level Information.
chinese event extraction	role determination	discourse-level information	joint modeling	argument identification
Action Selection via Learning Behavior Patterns in Multi-Robot Systems.
learning behavior patterns	action selection	multi-robot systems
Thou Shalt ASQFor and Shalt Receive the Semantic Answer.
thou shalt asqfor	shalt receive	semantic answer
A Distributed and Scalable Machine Learning Approach for Big Data.
scalable machine learning approach	big data
Representation and Synthesis of Melodic Expression.
melodic expression
Faster Conflict Generation for Dynamic Controllability.
faster conflict generation	dynamic controllability
AutoFolio: An Automatically Configured Algorithm Selector (Extended Abstract).
automatically configured algorithm selector	extended abstract
Strategic Candidacy Games with Lazy Candidates.
strategic candidacy games	lazy candidates
A Dual-layer CRFs Based Joint Decoding Method for Cascaded Segmentation and Labeling Tasks.
dual-layer crfs based joint decoding method	cascaded segmentation	labeling tasks
Semi-Supervised Learning for Surface EMG-based Gesture Recognition.
surface emg-based gesture recognition	semi-supervised learning
Crowdsourced Semantic Matching of Multi-Label Annotations.
crowdsourced semantic matching	multi-label annotations
Bidirectional Answer Set Programs with Function Symbols.
bidirectional answer set programs	function symbols
Strategyproof Classification with Shared Inputs.
shared inputs	strategyproof classification
Inverse Covariance Estimation with Structured Groups.
inverse covariance estimation	structured groups
Efficient Resource Allocation for Protecting Coral Reef Ecosystems.
protecting coral reef ecosystems	efficient resource allocation
Improving the Efficiency of Dynamic Programming on Tree Decompositions via Machine Learning.
dynamic programming	tree decompositions	machine learning
Synthesizing Robotic Handwriting Motion by Learning from Human Demonstrations.
synthesizing robotic handwriting motion	human demonstrations
Multi-Agent Systems of Inverse Reinforcement Learners in Complex Games.
inverse reinforcement learners	complex games	multi-agent systems
Efficient Searching Top-k Semantic Similar Words.
efficient searching top-	semantic similar words
Opponent Modelling in Persuasion Dialogues.
persuasion dialogues	opponent modelling
Mapping Repair in Ontology-based Data Access Evolving Systems.
ontology-based data access evolving systems	mapping repair
Optimistic Active-Learning Using Mutual Information.
optimistic active-learning	mutual information
Tackling Data Sparseness in Recommendation using Social Media based Topic Hierarchy Modeling.
social media based topic hierarchy modeling	tackling data sparseness
On the Influence of Incoherence in Inconsistency-tolerant Semantics for Datalog±.
inconsistency-tolerant semantics
Exploiting Inference Rules to Compute Lower Bounds for MAX-SAT Solving.
exploiting inference rules	compute lower bounds	max-sat solving
Transitively Relational Partial Meet Horn Contraction.
transitively relational partial meet horn contraction
Improving CNN Performance with Min-Max Objective.
improving cnn performance	min-max objective
Social Norms for Self-Policing Multi-agent Systems and Virtual Societies.
self-policing multi-agent systems	social norms	virtual societies
Resource-Bounded Crowd-Sourcing of Commonsense Knowledge.
resource-bounded crowd-sourcing	commonsense knowledge
Topological Mapping through Distributed, Passive Sensors.
topological mapping	passive sensors
Iterative Ontology Updates Using Context Labels.
iterative ontology updates	context labels
Recommendation Using Textual Opinions.
textual opinions
Efficiently Finding Conceptual Clustering Models with Integer Linear Programming.
efficiently finding conceptual clustering models	integer linear programming
A Joint Optimization Framework of Sparse Coding and Discriminative Clustering.
joint optimization framework	discriminative clustering	sparse coding
Ontology-Mediated Queries with Closed Predicates.
ontology-mediated queries	closed predicates
Constraint Optimization Approach to Context Based Word Selection.
context based word selection	constraint optimization approach
Deep Graphical Feature Learning for Face Sketch Synthesis.
deep graphical feature learning	face sketch synthesis
A Bayesian Computational Cognitive Model.
bayesian computational cognitive model
Iterated Regret Minimization: A New Solution Concept.
iterated regret minimization	solution concept
Joint and Coupled Bilingual Topic Model Based Sentence Representations for Language Model Adaptation.
coupled bilingual topic model based sentence representations	language model adaptation
Constitutive and Regulative Specifications of Commitment Protocols: A Decoupled Approach (Extended Abstract).
extended abstract	regulative specifications	commitment protocols	decoupled approach
Using a Mobile Robot for Cognitive Mapping.
mobile robot	cognitive mapping
Analysis of Adjective-Noun Word Pair Extraction Methods for Online Review Summarization.
adjective-noun word pair extraction methods	online review summarization
Scalable Dynamic Nonparametric Bayesian Models of Content and Users.
scalable dynamic nonparametric bayesian models
Hashtag Recommendation for Multimodal Microblog Using Co-Attention Network.
co-attention network	multimodal microblog	hashtag recommendation
Translating HTNs to PDDL: A Small Amount of Domain Knowledge Can Go a Long Way.
translating htns	domain knowledge	small amount
An Efficient Protocol for Negotiation over Multiple Indivisible Resources.
multiple indivisible resources	efficient protocol
A Novel Approach of Cognitive Base Station with Dynamic Spectrum Management for High-Speed Rail.
cognitive base station	dynamic spectrum management	high-speed rail
The Inclusion-Exclusion Rule and its Application to the Junction Tree Algorithm.
junction tree algorithm	inclusion-exclusion rule
Dominance and Optimisation Based on Scale-Invariant Maximum Margin Preference Learning.
scale-invariant maximum margin preference learning	optimisation based
Top-k Supervise Feature Selection via ADMM for Integer Programming.
supervise feature selection	integer programming
Encoding Closure Operators into Neural Networks.
encoding closure operators	neural networks
Improved Integer Programming Approaches for Chance-Constrained Stochastic Programming.
improved integer programming approaches	chance-constrained stochastic programming
i, Poet: Automatic Chinese Poetry Composition through a Generative Summarization Framework under Constrained Optimization.
automatic chinese poetry composition	generative summarization framework	constrained optimization
Epistemic GDL: A Logic for Representing and Reasoning about Imperfect Information Games.
imperfect information games	epistemic gdl
Relational Knowledge with Predictive State Representations.
predictive state representations	relational knowledge
HEMI: Hyperedge Majority Influence Maximization.
hyperedge majority influence maximization
Pre-release Prediction of Crowd Opinion on Movies by Label Distribution Learning.
label distribution learning	pre-release prediction	crowd opinion
A Uniform Approach for Generating Proofs and Strategies for Both True and False QBF Formulas.
false qbf formulas	generating proofs	uniform approach
Real Boosting a la Carte with an Application to Boosting Oblique Decision Tree.
boosting oblique decision tree	real boosting	la carte
Making Better Informed Trust Decisions with Generalized Fact-Finding.
informed trust decisions	generalized fact-finding
An Efficient Nonnegative Matrix Factorization Approach in Flexible Kernel Space.
efficient nonnegative matrix factorization approach	flexible kernel space
Analysis of a Winning Computational Billiards Player.
winning computational billiards player
Inference for a New Probabilistic Constraint Logic.
probabilistic constraint logic
Semi-Supervised Learning of Visual Classifiers from Web Images and Text.
visual classifiers	semi-supervised learning	web images
Process Plan Controllers for Non-Deterministic Manufacturing Systems.
non-deterministic manufacturing systems	process plan controllers
Query Answering in Ontologies under Preference Rankings.
query answering	preference rankings
Dual-Memory Deep Learning Architectures for Lifelong Learning of Everyday Human Behaviors.
dual-memory deep learning architectures	everyday human behaviors	lifelong learning
Affect Sensing in Metaphorical Phenomena and Dramatic Interaction Context.
dramatic interaction context	metaphorical phenomena	affect sensing
Efficient Planning of Informative Paths for Multiple Robots.
multiple robots	efficient planning	informative paths
An Experimental Investigation on the Pancake Problem.
experimental investigation	pancake problem
SMACk: An Argumentation Framework for Opinion Mining.
argumentation framework	opinion mining
Algorithmic Improvements in Approximate Counting for Probabilistic Inference: From Linear to Logarithmic SAT Calls.
logarithmic sat calls	approximate counting	algorithmic improvements	probabilistic inference
Self-paced Convolutional Neural Networks.
self-paced convolutional neural networks
A Heuristic Search Approach to Planning with Temporally Extended Preferences.
heuristic search approach	temporally extended preferences
Buried Utility Pipeline Mapping Based on Multiple Spatial Data Sources: A Bayesian Data Fusion Approach.
buried utility pipeline mapping based	bayesian data fusion approach	multiple spatial data sources
Open Information Extraction from the Web.
open information extraction
ATL Strategic Reasoning Meets Correlated Equilibrium.
atl strategic reasoning meets correlated equilibrium
Concept Generation in Language Evolution.
language evolution	concept generation
Understanding and Measuring Collective Intelligence Across Different Cognitive Systems: An Information-Theoretic Approach.
measuring collective intelligence	cognitive systems	information-theoretic approach
Unsupervised Rank Aggregation with Domain-Specific Expertise.
unsupervised rank aggregation	domain-specific expertise
Learning deep structured network for weakly supervised change detection.
weakly supervised change detection	learning deep structured network
Three Semantics for the Core of the Distributed Ontology Language (Extended Abstract).
distributed ontology language	extended abstract
Limited Lookahead in Imperfect-Information Games.
imperfect-information games	limited lookahead
Forecast the Plausible Paths in Crowd Scenes.
crowd scenes	plausible paths
Improving a Virtual Human Using a Model of Degrees of Grounding.
virtual human
Collective Learning in Games through Social Networks.
collective learning	social networks
Aggregating Dependency Graphs into Voting Agendas in Multi-Issue Elections.
aggregating dependency graphs	voting agendas	multi-issue elections
Continuous Time Planning for Multiagent Teams with Temporal Constraints.
continuous time planning	multiagent teams	temporal constraints
Gibbard-Satterthwaite Games.
gibbard-satterthwaite games
Two Demarcation Problems In Ontology.
demarcation problems
Quantified Coalition Logic.
quantified coalition logic
Non-Negative Matrix Factorization with Sinkhorn Distance.
non-negative matrix factorization	sinkhorn distance
Generating Context-Free Grammars using Classical Planning.
generating context-free grammars	classical planning
A Scalable Approach to Chasing Multiple Moving Targets with Multiple Agents.
chasing multiple moving targets	multiple agents	scalable approach
Parameterized Complexity of Optimal Planning: A Detailed Map.
parameterized complexity	detailed map	optimal planning
RoTuEl: A Semi-Automated Method for Labeling Political Tweets.
labeling political tweets	semi-automated method
Influence Maximization in Human-Intervened Social Networks.
human-intervened social networks	influence maximization
Self Monitoring, Goal Driven Autonomy Agents.
goal driven autonomy agents
Modeling Users' Dynamic Preference for Personalized Recommendation.
dynamic preference	personalized recommendation	modeling users
Joint Feature Selection and Subspace Learning.
joint feature selection	subspace learning
Deep Linear Coding for Fast Graph Clustering.
deep linear coding	fast graph clustering
Adaptive Variance Reducing for Stochastic Gradient Descent.
stochastic gradient descent	adaptive variance reducing
Neighborhood MinMax Projections.
neighborhood minmax projections
Capturing an Evader in a Polygonal Environment with Obstacles.
polygonal environment
ST-MVL: Filling Missing Values in Geo-Sensory Time Series Data.
geo-sensory time series data	filling missing values
First-Order Extension of the FLP Stable Model Semantics via Modified Circumscription.
flp stable model semantics	modified circumscription	first-order extension
A Wikipedia Based Semantic Graph Model for Topic Tracking in Blogsphere.
wikipedia based semantic graph model	topic tracking
Exact Recovery of Sparse-Used Dictionaries.
exact recovery
Ontology-Mediated Querying with the Description Logic EL: Trichotomy and Linear Datalog Rewritability.
description logic el	linear datalog rewritability	ontology-mediated querying
Fixed-Parameter Tractable Reductions to SAT for Planning.
fixed-parameter tractable reductions
Sharing the Road: Autonomous Vehicles Meet Human Drivers.
autonomous vehicles meet human drivers
Robust Multilingual Named Entity Recognition with Shallow Semi-supervised Features (Extended Abstract).
robust multilingual named entity recognition	shallow semi-supervised features	extended abstract
Using Neural Network Models to Model Cerebral Hemispheric Differences in Processing Ambiguous Words.
model cerebral hemispheric differences	processing ambiguous words	neural network models
Ties Matter: Complexity of Voting Manipulation Revisited.
voting manipulation revisited	ties matter
The Impact of Treewidth on ASP Grounding and Solving.
asp grounding
On Combinations of Binary Qualitative Constraint Calculi.
binary qualitative constraint calculi
Cognitive-Inspired Conversational-Strategy Reasoner for Socially-Aware Agents.
cognitive-inspired conversational-strategy reasoner	socially-aware agents
Modelling Satisfiability Problems: Theory and Practice.
modelling satisfiability problems
Between Imitation and Intention Learning.
intention learning
Bernoulli Rank-1 Bandits for Click Feedback.
bernoulli rank-1 bandits	click feedback
Entailment Semantics for Rules with Priorities.
entailment semantics
Conference Organization.
conference organization
Learning Qualitative Models from Numerical Data: Extended abstract.
learning qualitative models	numerical data	extended abstract
Deep Color Semantics for E-commerce Content-based Image Retrieval.
e-commerce content-based image retrieval	deep color semantics
Scalable Maintenance of Knowledge Discovery in an Ontology Stream.
knowledge discovery	scalable maintenance	ontology stream
Simple Coalitional Games with Beliefs.
simple coalitional games
Metareasoning for Planning Under Uncertainty.
metareasoning
One-Class Conditional Random Fields for Sequential Anomaly Detection.
one-class conditional random fields	sequential anomaly detection
Distributing Knowledge into Simple Bases.
simple bases	distributing knowledge
Proceedings of the Twenty-Fifth International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence, IJCAI 2016, New York, NY, USA, 9-15 July 2016
international joint conference	9-15 july 2016	artificial intelligence
Optimal Partitions in Additively Separable Hedonic Games.
additively separable hedonic games	optimal partitions
Heuristic Algorithms for Balanced Multi-Way Number Partitioning.
number partitioning	heuristic algorithms	balanced multi-
Hidden Parameter Markov Decision Processes: A Semiparametric Regression Approach for Discovering Latent Task Parametrizations.
hidden parameter markov decision processes	discovering latent task parametrizations	semiparametric regression approach
RCC8 Is Polynomial on Networks of Bounded Treewidth.
bounded treewidth
Logic-Based Inductive Synthesis of Efficient Programs.
logic-based inductive synthesis	efficient programs
Learning from the Report-writing Behavior of Individuals.
report-writing behavior
Opinion Sentence Search Engine on Open-Domain Blog.
opinion sentence search engine	open-domain blog
Silk: A Simulation Study of Regulating Open Normative Multiagent Systems.
regulating open normative multiagent systems	simulation study
Weight Features for Predicting Future Model Performance of Deep Neural Networks.
predicting future model performance	deep neural networks	weight features
An Active Learning Approach to Coreference Resolution.
active learning approach	coreference resolution
Double-Wheel Graphs Are Graceful.
double-wheel graphs
Single-Pass PCA of Large High-Dimensional Data.
large high-dimensional data	single-pass pca
Constraint-Based Symmetry Detection in General Game Playing.
constraint-based symmetry detection	general game playing
Learning Compact Visual Descriptor for Low Bit Rate Mobile Landmark Search.
low bit rate mobile landmark search	learning compact visual descriptor
Sampling-Based Belief Revision.
sampling-based belief revision
HIEDS: A Generic and Efficient Approach to Hierarchical Dataset Summarization.
hierarchical dataset summarization	efficient approach
Group-Invariant Cross-Modal Subspace Learning.
group-invariant cross-modal subspace learning
Robust Dictionary Learning with Capped l1-Norm.
robust dictionary learning	capped l1-norm
Ice-Breaking: Mitigating Cold-Start Recommendation Problem by Rating Comparison.
mitigating cold-start recommendation problem	rating comparison
A Theoretical Framework for Learning Bayesian Networks with Parameter Inequality Constraints.
learning bayesian networks	parameter inequality constraints	theoretical framework
Learning Multi-Modal Grounded Linguistic Semantics by Playing "I Spy".
learning multi-modal grounded linguistic semantics
Social Pressure in Opinion Games.
opinion games	social pressure
Analogico-Deductive Generation of Gödel's First Incompleteness Theorem from the Liar Paradox.
incompleteness theorem	liar paradox	analogico-deductive generation
Nominal Schema Absorption.
nominal schema absorption
Text Rewriting Improves Semantic Role Labeling (Extended Abstract).
text rewriting improves semantic role labeling	extended abstract
How to Keep a Knowledge Base Synchronized with Its Encyclopedia Source.
knowledge base synchronized	encyclopedia source
Trend-Based Prediction of Spatial Change.
trend-based prediction	spatial change
Pessimistic Leader-Follower Equilibria with Multiple Followers.
pessimistic leader-follower equilibria	multiple followers
Direct Code Access in Self-Organizing Neural Networks for Reinforcement Learning.
direct code access	self-organizing neural networks	reinforcement learning
How Unlabeled Web Videos Help Complex Event Detection?
complex event detection	unlabeled web videos
Recommendation vs Sentiment Analysis: A Text-Driven Latent Factor Model for Rating Prediction with Cold-Start Awareness.
text-driven latent factor model	sentiment analysis	rating prediction	cold-start awareness
Nonnegative Matrix Tri-Factorization with Graph Regularization for Community Detection in Social Networks.
nonnegative matrix tri-factorization	graph regularization	social networks	community detection
Learning Finite Beta-Liouville Mixture Models via Variational Bayes for Proportional Data Clustering.
learning finite beta-liouville mixture models	proportional data clustering	variational bayes
Dynamic Early Stopping for Naive Bayes.
dynamic early stopping	naive bayes
Sampling for Approximate Maximum Search in Factorized Tensor.
approximate maximum search	factorized tensor
Improving music composition through peer feedback: experiment and preliminary results.
improving music composition	peer feedback	preliminary results
Ontology Based Query Answering with Existential Rules.
ontology based query answering	existential rules
Symmetry Breaking via LexLeader Feasibility Checkers.
lexleader feasibility checkers	symmetry breaking
Don't Bury your Head in Warnings: A Game-Theoretic Approach for Intelligent Allocation of Cyber-security Alerts.
game-theoretic approach	cyber-security alerts	intelligent allocation
Multilingualization of Restaurant Menu by Analogical Description.
restaurant menu	analogical description
Hierarchical Approach to Transfer of Control in Semi-Autonomous Systems.
hierarchical approach	semi-autonomous systems
Joint Training for Pivot-based Neural Machine Translation.
pivot-based neural machine translation	joint training
A Collaborative Filtering Approach to Citywide Human Mobility Completion from Sparse Call Records.
citywide human mobility completion	sparse call records	collaborative filtering approach
State Similarity Based Approach for Improving Performance in RL.
state similarity based approach	improving performance
Conference Sponsorship.
conference sponsorship
On the Fixed-Parameter Tractability of Composition-Consistent Tournament Solutions.
composition-consistent tournament solutions	fixed-parameter tractability
Makeup Like a Superstar: Deep Localized Makeup Transfer Network.
deep localized makeup transfer network
Defeasible Inheritance-Based Description Logics.
defeasible inheritance-based description logics
Approximate Probabilistic Inference with Bounded Error for Hybrid Probabilistic Logic Programming.
hybrid probabilistic logic programming	approximate probabilistic inference	bounded error
WSABIE: Scaling Up to Large Vocabulary Image Annotation.
large vocabulary image annotation
Mixed Error Coding for Face Recognition with Mixed Occlusions.
mixed error coding	mixed occlusions	face recognition
Automated Reasoning to Infer all Minimal Keys.
automated reasoning	minimal keys
Robust and Sparse Fuzzy K-Means Clustering.
sparse fuzzy k-means clustering
Structural Tractability of Shapley and Banzhaf Values in Allocation Games.
structural tractability	allocation games	banzhaf values
Resolving Over-Constrained Conditional Temporal Problems Using Semantically Similar Alternatives.
resolving over-constrained conditional temporal problems	semantically similar alternatives
A Partitioning Algorithm for Maximum Common Subgraph Problems.
maximum common subgraph problems	partitioning algorithm
A New Simplex Sparse Learning Model to Measure Data Similarity for Clustering.
simplex sparse learning model	measure data similarity
A Decision Procedure for (Co)datatypes in SMT Solvers.
smt solvers	decision procedure
Road-quality Classification and Bump Detection with Bicycle-Mounted Smartphones.
bump detection	road-quality classification	bicycle-mounted smartphones
The Logic Behind Weighted CSP.
weighted csp
Temporal Sequences of Qualitative Information: Reasoning about the Topology of Constant-Size Moving Regions.
constant-size moving regions	temporal sequences	qualitative information
Efficiency and Complexity of Price Competition Among Single-Product Vendors.
price competition	single-product vendors
Temporal Planning in Domains with Linear Processes.
temporal planning	linear processes
Efficient Algorithms And Representations For Chance-constrained Mixed Constraint Programming.
chance-constrained mixed constraint programming	efficient algorithms
Proceedings of the 3rd International Workshop on Social Influence Analysis co-located with 26th International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI 2017), Melbourne, Australia, August 19, 2017.
social influence analysis co-located	26th international joint conference	3rd international workshop	artificial intelligence
The Extended Global Cardinality Constraint: An Empirical Survey: Extended Abstract.
extended global cardinality constraint	extended abstract	empirical survey
A Functional Dynamic Boltzmann Machine.
functional dynamic boltzmann machine
Thwarting Vote Buying Through Decoy Ballots.
thwarting vote buying	decoy ballots
On the Relationship between P-log and LPMLN.
p-log
On the Complexity of Probabilistic Abstract Argumentation.
probabilistic abstract argumentation
Sketch the Storyline with CHARCOAL: A Non-Parametric Approach.
non-parametric approach
Learning from Daily Knowledge: How to Keep Track and to Represent Design Projects Knowledge.
represent design projects knowledge	daily knowledge
Manifold Alignment without Correspondence.
manifold alignment
Decision-Making Policies for Heterogeneous Autonomous Multi-Agent Systems with Safety Constraints.
heterogeneous autonomous multi-agent systems	safety constraints	decision-making policies
Incremental Truncated LSTD.
incremental truncated lstd
Framing Image Description as a Ranking Task: Data, Models and Evaluation Metrics (Extended Abstract).
framing image description	extended abstract	evaluation metrics	ranking task
Non-Determinism and the Dynamics of Knowledge.
dynamics
Adaptive Error-Correcting Output Codes.
adaptive error-correcting output codes
Avoidance of Model Re-Induction in SVM-Based Feature Selection for Text Categorization.
svm-based feature selection	text categorization	model re-induction
Expressive Completeness of Existential Rule Languages for Ontology-Based Query Answering.
ontology-based query answering	existential rule languages	expressive completeness
Detect and Track Latent Factors with Online Nonnegative Matrix Factorization.
online nonnegative matrix factorization	track latent factors
Affinity Learning for Mixed Data Clustering.
mixed data clustering	affinity learning
Cost-Optimal Planning with Landmarks.
cost-optimal planning
Context-Sensitive Semantic Smoothing using Semantically Relatable Sequences.
context-sensitive semantic smoothing	semantically relatable sequences
Revisiting Numerical Pattern Mining with Formal Concept Analysis.
revisiting numerical pattern mining	formal concept analysis
A Top-Down Compiler for Sentential Decision Diagrams.
sentential decision diagrams
Using Multiagents for Context-Aware Adaptive Biometrics.
context-aware adaptive biometrics
COG-DICE: An Algorithm for Solving Continuous-Observation Dec-POMDPs.
solving continuous-observation dec-pomdps
What Is an Ideal Logic for Reasoning with Inconsistency?.
ideal logic
Computer-Aided Game Design: Doctoral Consortium Research Abstract.
doctoral consortium research abstract	computer-aided game design
Opponent Models with Uncertainty for Strategic Argumentation.
opponent models	strategic argumentation
A Framework to Choose Trust Models for Different E-Marketplace Environments.
choose trust models	e-marketplace environments
Detecting Promotion Campaigns in Community Question Answering.
community question answering	detecting promotion campaigns
A Clause-Level Hybrid Approach to Chinese Empty Element Recovery.
chinese empty element recovery	clause-level hybrid approach
How Hard Is It for a Party to Nominate an Election Winner?.
election winner
Relatedness-based Multi-Entity Summarization.
relatedness-based multi-entity summarization
Proceedings of the 7th Workshop on Intelligent Techniques for Web Personalization & Recommender Systems (ITWP'09), Pasadena, California, USA, July 11-17, 2009 in conjunction with the 21st International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence - IJCAI 2009
web personalization & recommender systems	21st international joint conference	july 11-17	7th workshop	intelligent techniques	artificial intelligence
Probabilistic Goal Markov Decision Processes.
probabilistic goal markov decision processes
Transfer Learning in Real-Time Strategy Games Using Hybrid CBR/RL.
real-time strategy games	hybrid cbr/rl	transfer learning
Exact Top-k Feature Selection via l2, 0-Norm Constraint.
0-norm constraint	feature selection	exact top-
Plan Explanations as Model Reconciliation: Moving Beyond Explanation as Soliloquy.
model reconciliation	plan explanations
Hierarchical LSTM with Adjusted Temporal Attention for Video Captioning.
adjusted temporal attention	hierarchical lstm	video captioning
Proceedings of the Workshop on Linked Democracy: Artificial Intelligence for Democratic Innovation co-located with the 26th International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI 2017), Melbourne, Australia, August 19, 2017.
26th international joint conference	democratic innovation co-located	linked democracy	artificial intelligence
A Lossy Counting Based Approach for Learning on Streams of Graphs on a Budget.
lossy counting based approach
Enhancing MAS Cooperative Search Through Coalition Partitioning.
enhancing mas cooperative search	coalition partitioning
ICBS: Improved Conflict-Based Search Algorithm for Multi-Agent Pathfinding.
improved conflict-based search algorithm	multi-agent pathfinding
On Solving Boolean Multilevel Optimization Problemse.
solving boolean multilevel optimization problemse
AskWorld: Budget-Sensitive Query Evaluation for Knowledge-on-Demand.
budget-sensitive query evaluation
Convergence and Quality of Iterative Voting Under Non-Scoring Rules.
iterative voting	non-scoring rules
Modelling the Persuadee in Asymmetric Argumentation Dialogues for Persuasion.
asymmetric argumentation dialogues
Mechanism Design for Strategic Project Scheduling.
strategic project scheduling	mechanism design
Deceptive Path-Planning.
deceptive path-planning
Using Graph Algebra to Optimize Neighborhood for Isometric Mapping.
graph algebra	isometric mapping	optimize neighborhood
Active Learning for Level Set Estimation.
level set estimation	active learning
When owl: sameAs isn't the Same Redux: A preliminary theory of identity and inference on the Semantic Web.
sameas isn	preliminary theory	semantic web
Annealed Importance Sampling for Structure Learning in Bayesian Networks.
annealed importance sampling	bayesian networks	structure learning
Dual Inference for Machine Learning.
dual inference	machine learning
Space Defragmentation Heuristic for 2D and 3D Bin Packing Problems.
3d bin packing problems	space defragmentation heuristic
Generalizing the Bias Term of Support Vector Machines.
support vector machines	bias term
Belief Revision on Computation Tree Logic.
computation tree logic	belief revision
Iterated Weaker-than-Weak Dominance.
iterated weaker-than-weak dominance
Tractable Massively Multi-Agent Pathfinding with Solution Quality and Completeness Guarantees.
tractable massively multi-agent pathfinding	solution quality	completeness guarantees
Computer Games - Fourth Workshop on Computer Games, CGW 2015, and the Fourth Workshop on General Intelligence in Game-Playing Agents, GIGA 2015, Held in Conjunction with the 24th International Conference on Artificial Intelligence, IJCAI 2015, Buenos Aires, Argentina, July 26-27, 2015, Revised Selected Papers
24th international conference	revised selected papers	fourth workshop	computer games	buenos aires	general intelligence	july 26-27	game-playing agents	artificial intelligence
Extending the Harper Identity to Iterated Belief Change.
iterated belief change	harper identity
Belief Management for High-Level Robot Programs.
high-level robot programs	belief management
Data Repair of Inconsistent DL-Programs.
inconsistent dl-programs	data repair
The Adjusted Winner Procedure: Characterizations and Equilibria.
adjusted winner procedure
Revisiting Gaussian Process Dynamical Models.
revisiting gaussian process dynamical models
Manipulating Opinion Diffusion in Social Networks.
manipulating opinion diffusion	social networks
Unsupervised Feature Learning from Time Series.
unsupervised feature learning	time series
Transfer Learning with Active Queries from Source Domain.
active queries	source domain	transfer learning
Discriminative Deep Hashing for Scalable Face Image Retrieval.
scalable face image retrieval	discriminative deep hashing
Natural Language Query Recommendation in Conversation Systems.
natural language query recommendation	conversation systems
Bootstrapping Domain Ontologies from Wikipedia: A Uniform Approach.
bootstrapping domain ontologies	uniform approach
On Combining Decisions from Multiple Expert Imitators for Performance.
multiple expert imitators	combining decisions
Flexible Scheduling for an Agile Earth-Observing Satelllite.
agile earth-observing satelllite	flexible scheduling
Kernel Conjugate Gradient for Fast Kernel Machines.
fast kernel machines	kernel conjugate gradient
Situated Resolution and Generation of Spatial Referring Expressions for Robotic Assistants.
spatial referring expressions	situated resolution	robotic assistants
Dissecting German Grammar and Swiss Passports: Open-Domain Decomposition of Compositional Entries in Large-Scale Knowledge Repositories.
dissecting german grammar	large-scale knowledge repositories	compositional entries	open-domain decomposition	swiss passports
Using Ontologies and the Web to Learn Lexical Semantics.
learn lexical semantics
Structural Results for Cooperative Decentralized Control Models.
cooperative decentralized control models	structural results
Grounding of Human Environments and Activities for Autonomous Robots.
autonomous robots	human environments
Using Emotions to Enhance Decision-Making.
enhance decision-making
Multi-View Discriminant Transfer Learning.
multi-view discriminant transfer learning
Contributions to Personalizable Knowledge Integration.
personalizable knowledge integration
Kernel-Based Selective Ensemble Learning for Streams of Trees.
kernel-based selective ensemble learning
Case Base Mining for Adaptation Knowledge Acquisition.
case base mining	adaptation knowledge acquisition
Macau: A Basis for Evaluating Reputation Systems.
evaluating reputation systems
Mining Complex Patterns across Sequences with Gap Requirements.
mining complex patterns	gap requirements
Well-Supported Semantics for Description Logic Programs.
description logic programs	well-supported semantics
Sum-Product-Max Networks for Tractable Decision Making.
tractable decision making	sum-product-max networks
No Learner Left Behind: On the Complexity of Teaching Multiple Learners Simultaneously.
teaching multiple learners simultaneously	learner left
Maximum Sustainable Yield Problem for Robot Foraging and Construction System.
maximum sustainable yield problem	construction system	robot foraging
Context-Driven Predictions.
context-driven predictions
An Improved Decision-DNNF Compiler.
improved decision-dnnf compiler
Near-Optimal Approximation Mechanisms for Multi-Unit Combinatorial Auctions.
multi-unit combinatorial auctions	near-optimal approximation mechanisms
POPPONENT: Highly accurate, individually and socially efficient opponent preference model in bilateral multi issue negotiations (Extended Abstract).
socially efficient opponent preference model	bilateral multi issue negotiations	extended abstract	highly accurate
Learning from Demonstrations with High-Level Side Information.
high-level side information
HTN Planning with Preferences.
htn planning
Learning Term Embeddings for Hypernymy Identification.
learning term embeddings	hypernymy identification
End-to-End Adversarial Memory Network for Cross-domain Sentiment Classification.
end-to-end adversarial memory network	cross-domain sentiment classification
Count-Based Frequency Estimation with Bounded Memory.
count-based frequency estimation	bounded memory
Upward Refinement for Conceptual Blending in Description Logic: An ASP-based Approach and Case Study in EL++.
asp-based approach	upward refinement	case study	description logic	conceptual blending
Using Payoff-Similarity to Speed Up Search.
payoff-similarity
Object Allocation via Swaps along a Social Network.
object allocation	social network
Plausible Reasoning Based on Qualitative Entity Embeddings.
plausible reasoning based	qualitative entity embeddings
A Kernel Method for Market Clearing.
market clearing	kernel method
Color Learning on a Mobile Robot: Towards Full Autonomy under Changing Illumination.
mobile robot	changing illumination	full autonomy	color learning
An Approach to Answer Selection in Question-Answering Based on Semantic Relations.
answer selection	question-answering based	semantic relations
Reasonable Highly Expressive Query Languages - IJCAI-15 Distinguished Paper (Honorary Mention).
reasonable highly expressive query languages	ijcai-15 distinguished paper	honorary mention
Real-Time Opponent Modeling in Trick-Taking Card Games.
real-time opponent modeling	trick-taking card games
Heuristic Subset Selection in Classical Planning.
heuristic subset selection	classical planning
Simulation-Based Admissible Dominance Pruning.
simulation-based admissible dominance pruning
Misleading Opinions Provided by Advisors: Dishonesty or Subjectivity.
misleading opinions provided
A Brain-Computer Interface to a Plan-Based Narrative.
plan-based narrative	brain-computer interface
Constraint Satisfaction Problems: Convexity Makes AllDifferent Constraints Tractable.
convexity makes alldifferent constraints tractable	constraint satisfaction problems
Knowledge Representation Learning with Entities, Attributes and Relations.
knowledge representation learning
Action Recognition with Joints-Pooled 3D Deep Convolutional Descriptors.
joints-pooled 3d deep convolutional descriptors	action recognition
Concept Labeling: Building Text Classifiers with Minimal Supervision.
building text classifiers	concept labeling	minimal supervision
Facility Location with Minimax Envy.
facility location	minimax envy
Ranking Query Results from Linked Open Data using a simple cognitive heuristic.
simple cognitive heuristic	ranking query results	linked open data
Data Complexity of Query Answering in Description Logics (Extended Abstract).
query answering	extended abstract	description logics	data complexity
Learning Concise Representations of Users' Influences through Online Behaviors.
learning concise representations	online behaviors
Learning Qualitative Spatial Relations for Robotic Navigation.
learning qualitative spatial relations	robotic navigation
Charting the Tractability Frontier of Mixed Multi-Unit Combinatorial Auctions.
mixed multi-unit combinatorial auctions	tractability frontier
Active Inference for Dynamic Bayesian Networks.
dynamic bayesian networks	active inference
Between Belief Bases and Belief Sets: Partial Meet Contraction.
partial meet contraction	belief bases	belief sets
Automated Grading of DFA Constructions.
dfa constructions	automated grading
Explaining Genetic Knock-Out Effects Using Cost-Based Abduction.
explaining genetic knock-	cost-based abduction
Training Conditional Random Fields Using Virtual Evidence Boosting.
training conditional random fields	virtual evidence boosting
FQHT: The Logic of Stable Models for Logic Programs with Intensional Functions.
stable models	intensional functions
Constructing New and Better Evaluation Measures for Machine Learning.
evaluation measures	machine learning
Mobility Profiling for User Verification with Anonymized Location Data.
anonymized location data	mobility profiling	user verification
A Virtual Assistant to Help Dysphagia Patients Eat Safely at Home.
dysphagia patients eat safely	virtual assistant
A Tighter Error Bound for Decision Tree Learning Using PAC Learnability.
decision tree learning	tighter error bound	pac learnability
nanoCoP: Natural Non-clausal Theorem Proving.
natural non-clausal theorem proving
Dealing with Generic Contrariness in Structured Argumentation.
generic contrariness	structured argumentation
Using a Recursive Neural Network to Learn an Agent's Decision Model for Plan Recognition.
recursive neural network	decision model	plan recognition
Connecting the Dots between News Articles.
news articles
Dynamic Execution of Temporal Plans with Sensing Actions and Bounded Risk.
dynamic execution	bounded risk	temporal plans	sensing actions
Determining Expert Profiles (With an Application to Expert Finding).
determining expert profiles	expert finding
Learning Hostname Preference to Enhance Search Relevance.
enhance search relevance	learning hostname preference
Open Category Classification by Adversarial Sample Generation.
adversarial sample generation	open category classification
Leveraging Unlabeled Data to Scale Blocking for Record Linkage.
leveraging unlabeled data	record linkage	scale blocking
IJCAI Organization.
ijcai organization
Distributed Constraint Optimization Problems Related with Soft Arc Consistency.
distributed constraint optimization problems related	soft arc consistency
∃-ASP.
∃-asp
Lifted Relational Kalman Filtering.
lifted relational kalman filtering
Plan Synthesis for Knowledge and Action Bases.
action bases	plan synthesis
MPMA: Mixture Probabilistic Matrix Approximation for Collaborative Filtering.
mixture probabilistic matrix approximation	collaborative filtering
Efficiently Solving Joint Activity Based Security Games.
efficiently solving joint activity based security games
IJCAI-07 Conference Organization.
ijcai-07 conference organization
Extracting Visual Knowledge from the Web with Multimodal Learning.
extracting visual knowledge	multimodal learning
Inapproximability of Treewidth and Related Problems (Extended Abstract).
related problems	extended abstract
Welfare Effects of Market Making in Continuous Double Auctions: Extended Abstract.
continuous double auctions	market making	welfare effects	extended abstract
Representing Kriegspiel States with Metapositions.
representing kriegspiel states
Lifting Techniques for Sequential Decision Making and Probabilistic Inference (Extended Abstract).
sequential decision making	lifting techniques	extended abstract	probabilistic inference
Coalitions in Action Logic.
action logic
Multimodal Storytelling via Generative Adversarial Imitation Learning.
generative adversarial imitation learning	multimodal storytelling
Effectiveness of Different Recommender Algorithms in the Mobile Internet: A Case Study.
recommender algorithms	mobile internet	case study
Combining RCC-8 with Qualitative Direction Calculi: Algorithms and Complexity.
qualitative direction calculi	combining rcc-8
Building Large Compressed PDBs for the Sliding Tile Puzzle.
building large compressed pdbs	sliding tile puzzle
Soft Robotics: The Next Generation of Intelligent Machines.
intelligent machines	soft robotics
Effective Query Rewriting with Ontologies over DBoxes.
effective query rewriting
Generalized Interval Projection: A New Technique for Consistent Domain Extension.
consistent domain extension	generalized interval projection
Search Strategies for Optimal Multi-Way Number Partitioning.
number partitioning	optimal multi-	search strategies
Where You Like to Go Next: Successive Point-of-Interest Recommendation.
successive point-of-interest recommendation
Saliency Detection with a Deeper Investigation of Light Field.
saliency detection	light field	deeper investigation
Robust Principal Component Analysis with Non-Greedy l1-Norm Maximization.
robust principal component analysis	non-greedy l1-norm maximization
A Theory of Meta-Diagnosis: Reasoning about Diagnostic Systems.
diagnostic systems
Do We Criticise (and Laugh) in the Same Way? Automatic Detection of Multi-Lingual Satirical News in Twitter.
multi-lingual satirical news	automatic detection
From an Agent Logic to an Agent Programming Language for Partially Observable Stochastic Domains.
partially observable stochastic domains	agent programming language	agent logic
Rolling Dispersion for Robot Teams.
rolling dispersion	robot teams
Defending Against Man-In-The-Middle Attack in Repeated Games.
man-in-the-middle attack	repeated games
Robots in Retirement Homes: Applying Off-the-Shelf Planning and Scheduling to a Team of Assistive Robots (Extended Abstract).
applying off-the-shelf planning	extended abstract	retirement homes
Multiple Instance Learning-Based Birdsong Classification Using Unsupervised Recording Segmentation.
multiple instance learning-based birdsong classification	unsupervised recording segmentation
Controlling the Hypothesis Space in Probabilistic Plan Recognition.
probabilistic plan recognition	hypothesis space
From Knowledge to Sign Management: A Co-design Methodology for Biodiversity and Music Enhancement.
co-design methodology	music enhancement	sign management
Data-Based Promotion of Tourist Events with Minimal Operational Impact.
minimal operational impact	data-based promotion	tourist events
Approximating Value Equivalence in Interactive Dynamic Influence Diagrams Using Behavioral Coverage.
interactive dynamic influence diagrams	behavioral coverage
A Description Logic of Change.
description logic
A Predictive Approach to Help-Desk Response Generation.
help-desk response generation	predictive approach
Interest Prediction on Multinomial, Time-Evolving Social Graph.
time-evolving social graph	interest prediction
Efficient Bayesian Task-Level Transfer Learning.
efficient bayesian task-level transfer learning
Social Image Parsing by Cross-Modal Data Refinement.
cross-modal data refinement	social image parsing
Characterizing Solution Concepts in Games Using Knowledge-Based Programs.
characterizing solution concepts	knowledge-based programs
Minimum Search to Establish Worst-Case Guarantees in Coalition Structure Generation.
establish worst-case guarantees	coalition structure generation	minimum search
Equilibrium Refinement through Negotiation in Binary Voting.
equilibrium refinement	binary voting
The Mixing of Markov Chains on Linear Extensions in Practice.
markov chains	linear extensions
An Active Learning Approach to Home Heating in the Smart Grid.
active learning approach	home heating	smart grid
Assumption-Based Planning with Sensing via Contingent Planning.
contingent planning	assumption-based planning
Generalizing the Single-Crossing Property on Lines and Trees to Intermediate Preferences on Median Graphs.
intermediate preferences	median graphs	single-crossing property
Equilibrium Analysis of Multi-Defender Security Games.
multi-defender security games	equilibrium analysis
WALKING WALKing walking: Action Recognition from Action Echoes.
walking walking walking	action echoes	action recognition
Computation and Complexity of Preference Inference Based on Hierarchical Models.
preference inference based	hierarchical models
The Route to Success - A Performance Comparison of Diagnosis Algorithms.
diagnosis algorithms	performance comparison
Integrating Task Planning and Interactive Learning for Robots to Work in Human Environments.
integrating task planning	human environments	interactive learning
Using Linear Programming for Bayesian Exploration in Markov Decision Processes.
markov decision processes	linear programming	bayesian exploration
Predicting Human Similarity Judgments with Distributional Models: The Value of Word Associations.
predicting human similarity judgments	distributional models	word associations
Learning from Partial Observations.
partial observations
Reactive Integrated Motion Planning and Execution.
reactive integrated motion planning
Implementing the Wisdom of Waze.
implementing
A Direct Boosting Approach for Semi-supervised Classification.
direct boosting approach	semi-supervised classification
Exploring Segment Representations for Neural Segmentation Models.
exploring segment representations	neural segmentation models
End-to-End Coreference Resolution for Clinical Narratives.
end-to-end coreference resolution	clinical narratives
LoCaTe: Influence Quantification for Location Promotion in Location-based Social Networks.
location-based social networks	location promotion	influence quantification
LIFT: Multi-Label Learning with Label-Specific Features.
multi-label learning	label-specific features
Unsupervised Deep Video Hashing with Balanced Rotation.
unsupervised deep video hashing	balanced rotation
A motion detection system for video surveillance.
motion detection system	video surveillance
Kinetic Imaginations: Exploring the Possibilities of Combining AI and Dance.
kinetic imaginations	combining ai
Correlation Complexity of Classical Planning Domains.
classical planning domains	correlation complexity
Multi-Type Activity Recognition from a Robot's Viewpoint.
multi-type activity recognition
Locality-Constrained Concept Factorization.
locality-constrained concept factorization
Commitment Tracking via the Reactive Event Calculus.
reactive event calculus	commitment tracking
Discovering Different Types of Topics: Factored Topic Models.
factored topic models
Homogeneity analysis for object-action relation reasoning in kitchen scenarios.
object-action relation reasoning	kitchen scenarios	homogeneity analysis
Facing Openness with Socio-Cognitive Trust and Categories.
facing openness	socio-cognitive trust
Generalized Dictionary for Multitask Learning with Boosting.
generalized dictionary	multitask learning
From Answer Set Logic Programming to Circumscription via Logic of GK.
answer set logic programming
Conjunctive Regular Path Queries in Lightweight Description Logics.
conjunctive regular path queries	lightweight description logics
Convolutional-Match Networks for Question Answering.
convolutional-match networks	question answering
Most Specific Generalizations w.r.t. General EL-TBoxes.
specific generalizations	general el-tboxes
Towards A Relational Approach For Tool Creation By Robots.
tool creation	relational approach
Leviathan: A New LTL Satisfiability Checking Tool Based on a One-Pass Tree-Shaped Tableau.
ltl satisfiability checking tool based	one-pass tree-shaped tableau
Bounded Timed Propositional Temporal Logic with Past Captures Timeline-based Planning with Bounded Constraints.
bounded timed propositional temporal logic	past captures timeline-based planning	bounded constraints
Probabilistic Multi-Label Classification with Sparse Feature Learning.
probabilistic multi-label classification	sparse feature learning
Using Reasoning Patterns to Help Humans Solve Complex Games.
humans solve complex games	reasoning patterns
An Action Description Language for Iterated Belief Change.
iterated belief change	action description language
A Decision-Theoretic Model of Assistance.
decision-theoretic model
Multi-Winner Social Choice with Incomplete Preferences.
multi-winner social choice	incomplete preferences
Crowd Learning: Improving Online Decision Making Using Crowdsourced Data.
improving online decision making	crowdsourced data	crowd learning
TutorialPlan: Automated Tutorial Generation from CAD Drawings.
automated tutorial generation	cad drawings
An Online Mechanism for Ridesharing in Autonomous Mobility-on-Demand Systems.
autonomous mobility-on-demand systems	online mechanism
Self-Organized Neural Learning of Statistical Inference from High-Dimensional Data.
self-organized neural learning	statistical inference	high-dimensional data
Fast Motion Prediction for Collaborative Robotics.
fast motion prediction	collaborative robotics
When are Marginal Congestion Tolls Optimal?
marginal congestion tolls optimal
Game Theoretic Analysis of Security and Sustainability.
game theoretic analysis
Approximately Strategy-Proof Voting.
approximately strategy-proof voting
On the Resiliency of Unit Propagation to Max-Resolution.
unit propagation
Belief Change Based on Global Minimisation.
belief change based	global minimisation
A Novel Metric for Assessing User Influence based on User Behaviour.
assessing user influence based	user behaviour
To Give or Not to Give: Fair Division for Single Minded Valuations.
single minded valuations	fair division
Weighted Path as a Condensed Pattern in a Single Attributed DAG.
single attributed dag	condensed pattern	weighted path
Optimal Electric Vehicle Charging Station Placement.
optimal electric vehicle charging station placement
Robot Scavenger Hunt: A Standardized Framework for Evaluating Intelligent Mobile Robots.
evaluating intelligent mobile robots	robot scavenger hunt	standardized framework
Efficient Estimation of Influence Functions for SIS Model on Social Networks.
influence functions	efficient estimation	social networks	sis model
PageRank with Priors: An Influence Propagation Perspective.
influence propagation perspective
Commonsense Reasoning Meets Theorem Proving.
commonsense reasoning meets theorem proving
Equi-Reward Utility Maximizing Design in Stochastic Environments.
equi-reward utility maximizing design	stochastic environments
Learning First-Order Logic Embeddings via Matrix Factorization.
learning first-order logic embeddings	matrix factorization
QCSP Made Practical by Virtue of Restricted Quantification.
qcsp made practical	restricted quantification
The Mathematical Morpho-Logical View on Reasoning about Space.
mathematical morpho-logical view
Open Domain Short Text Conceptualization: A Generative + Descriptive Modeling Approach.
open domain short text conceptualization	generative + descriptive modeling approach
Cross-People Mobile-Phone Based Activity Recognition.
cross-people mobile-phone based activity recognition
Membership Constraints in Formal Concept Analysis.
formal concept analysis	membership constraints
Artificial Intelligence for Successful Kflow.
successful kflow	artificial intelligence
Qualitative CSP, Finite CSP, and SAT: Comparing Methods for Qualitative Constraint-based Reasoning.
qualitative constraint-based reasoning	qualitative csp	finite csp	comparing methods
Structure Inference for Bayesian Multisensory Perception and Tracking.
bayesian multisensory perception	structure inference
A Variational Autoencoding Approach for Inducing Cross-lingual Word Embeddings.
inducing cross-lingual word embeddings	variational autoencoding approach
Learning Using Unselected Features (LUFe).
unselected features
Accelerated Doubly Stochastic Gradient Algorithm for Large-scale Empirical Risk Minimization.
accelerated doubly stochastic gradient algorithm	large-scale empirical risk minimization
Learning Discriminative Representations from RGB-D Video Data.
learning discriminative representations	video data
Syntactic Computation of Hybrid Possibilistic Conditioning under Uncertain Inputs.
hybrid possibilistic conditioning	uncertain inputs	syntactic computation
Heuristic Selection of Actions in Multiagent Reinforcement Learning.
multiagent reinforcement learning	heuristic selection
A Computationally-Grounded Semantics for Artifact-Centric Systems and Abstraction Results.
abstraction results	computationally-grounded semantics	artifact-centric systems
Finding "Unexplained" Activities in Video.
finding
Lie on the Fly: Iterative Voting Center with Manipulative Voters.
iterative voting center	manipulative voters
Exploiting N-Best Hypotheses to Improve an SMT Approach to Grammatical Error Correction.
grammatical error correction	smt approach	exploiting n-
Fear and Hope Emerge from Anticipation in Model-Based Reinforcement Learning.
model-based reinforcement learning	hope emerge
Relating Carneades with Abstract Argumentation.
relating carneades	abstract argumentation
Combining Existential Rules and Description Logics.
combining existential rules	description logics
Tabling as a Library with Delimited Control.
delimited control
HC-Search for Incremental Parsing.
incremental parsing
Heuristics and Really Hard Instances for Subgraph Isomorphism Problems.
subgraph isomorphism problems	hard instances
Fashion Coordinates Recommender System Using Photographs from Fashion Magazines.
fashion coordinates recommender system	fashion magazines
Complexity Results for Checking Equivalence of Stratified Logic Programs.
stratified logic programs	complexity results	checking equivalence
Optimal Pricing for the Competitive and Evolutionary Cloud Market.
evolutionary cloud market	optimal pricing
Biological Web Services: Integration, Optimization, and Reasoning.
biological web services
Privacy Issues Regarding the Application of DNNs to Activity-Recognition using Wearables and Its Countermeasures by Use of Adversarial Training.
adversarial training	privacy issues
Tracking Political Elections on Social Media: Applications and Experience.
tracking political elections	social media
Push and Swap: Fast Cooperative Path-Finding with Completeness Guarantees.
fast cooperative path-finding	completeness guarantees
Pareto Optimal Allocation under Uncertain Preferences.
pareto optimal allocation	uncertain preferences
Cold Start Purchase Prediction with Budgets Constraints.
cold start purchase prediction	budgets constraints
Personalizing Product Rankings Using Collaborative Filtering on Opinion-Derived Topic Profiles.
personalizing product rankings	opinion-derived topic profiles	collaborative filtering
Linear Temporal Logic and Linear Dynamic Logic on Finite Traces.
linear temporal logic	linear dynamic logic	finite traces
On the Aggregation of Argumentation Frameworks.
argumentation frameworks
Maximizing Awareness about HIV in Social Networks of Homeless Youth with Limited Information.
homeless youth	limited information	maximizing awareness	social networks
A Relaxed Ranking-Based Factor Model for Recommender System from Implicit Feedback.
relaxed ranking-based factor model	recommender system	implicit feedback
The Inconsistency in Gödel's Ontological Argument: A Success Story for AI in Metaphysics.
success story	ontological argument
Balancing Appearance and Context in Sketch Interpretation.
balancing appearance	sketch interpretation
Groupwise Registration of Aerial Images.
aerial images	groupwise registration
On Stochastic Optimal Control and Reinforcement Learning by Approximate Inference (Extended Abstract).
stochastic optimal control	approximate inference	reinforcement learning	extended abstract
Semi-Supervised Learning of Attribute-Value Pairs from Product Descriptions.
semi-supervised learning	product descriptions
Diversifying Personalized Recommendation with User-session Context.
diversifying personalized recommendation	user-session context
Increasingly Cautious Optimism for Practical PAC-MDP Exploration.
increasingly cautious optimism	practical pac-mdp exploration
Efficient, Private, and eps-Strategyproof Elicitation of Tournament Voting Rules.
tournament voting rules	eps-strategyproof elicitation
An Efficient Classifier Based on Hierarchical Mixing Linear Support Vector Machines.
hierarchical mixing linear support vector machines	efficient classifier based
Belief Update Revisited.
belief update revisited
picoTrans: Using Pictures as Input for Machine Translation on Mobile Devices.
mobile devices	machine translation
Characterising the Manipulability of Boolean Games.
boolean games
On Reversing Actions: Algorithms and Complexity.
reversing actions
On the Complexity of Voting Manipulation under Randomized Tie-Breaking.
randomized tie-breaking	voting manipulation
Preface.
preface
Efficient Semantic Features for Automated Reasoning over Large Theories.
efficient semantic features	automated reasoning	large theories
Models of Searching and Browsing: Languages, Studies, and Application.
models
Ontology-Mediated Queries Distributing over Components.
ontology-mediated queries distributing
Interactive Narrative Personalization with Deep Reinforcement Learning.
interactive narrative personalization	deep reinforcement learning
Pattern Structures for News Clustering.
news clustering	pattern structures
Geometric Scene Parsing with Hierarchical LSTM.
geometric scene parsing	hierarchical lstm
Multiagent Hierarchical Learning from Demonstration.
multiagent hierarchical learning
Continuous Time Associative Bandit Problems.
continuous time associative bandit problems
Continuous Body and Hand Gesture Recognition for Natural Human-Computer Interaction: Extended Abstract.
natural human-computer interaction	hand gesture recognition	extended abstract	continuous body
Labellings and Games for Extended Argumentation Frameworks.
extended argumentation frameworks
UCT Enhancements in Chinese Checkers Using an Endgame Database.
endgame database	uct enhancements	chinese checkers
A Space Alignment Method for Cold-Start TV Show Recommendations.
cold-start tv show recommendations	space alignment method
Preference Functions that Score Rankings and Maximum Likelihood Estimation.
maximum likelihood estimation	preference functions	score rankings
A Global Constrained Optimization Method for Designing Road Networks with Small Diameters.
global constrained optimization method	designing road networks	small diameters
Towards Fast Algorithms for the Preference Consistency Problem Based on Hierarchical Models.
preference consistency problem based	fast algorithms	hierarchical models
Speech-based Medical Decision Support in VR using a Deep Neural Network (Demonstration).
speech-based medical decision support	deep neural network
Exploiting Background Knowledge to Build Reference Sets for Information Extraction.
build reference sets	exploiting background knowledge	information extraction
Linked Democracy 3.0: Global Machine Translated Legislation in the Age of AI.
global machine translated legislation	linked democracy 3
Multimode Control Attacks on Elections.
multimode control attacks
Acquiring Agent-Based Models of Conflict from Event Data.
acquiring agent-based models	event data
Information-Based Agency.
information-based agency
Positive Unlabeled Leaning for Time Series Classification.
time series classification	positive unlabeled leaning
Efficient Generalized Conditional Gradient with Gradient Sliding for Composite Optimization.
efficient generalized conditional gradient	gradient sliding	composite optimization
Autonomous Object Manipulation: A Semantic-Driven Approach.
autonomous object manipulation	semantic-driven approach
Dynamic Sanctioning for Robust and Cost-Efficient Norm Compliance.
cost-efficient norm compliance	dynamic sanctioning
How Experience of the Body Shapes Language about Space.
body shapes language
Encoding and Combining Knowledge to Speed up Reinforcement Learning.
reinforcement learning	combining knowledge
Modeling Quantum Entanglements in Quantum Language Models.
modeling quantum entanglements	quantum language models
Natural Language Understanding as First-Order Abduction via Stable Models.
natural language understanding	stable models	first-order abduction
A Graph-Based Algorithm for Inducing Lexical Taxonomies from Scratch.
inducing lexical taxonomies	graph-based algorithm
Towards Certified Unsolvability in Classical Planning.
classical planning	certified unsolvability
MESH-Based Active Monte Carlo Recognition (MESH-AMCR).
mesh-based active monte carlo recognition
Efficient Bayesian Clustering for Reinforcement Learning.
efficient bayesian clustering	reinforcement learning
Learning Sentence Representation with Guidance of Human Attention.
learning sentence representation	human attention
Stratified Strategy Selection for Unit Control in Real-Time Strategy Games.
real-time strategy games	stratified strategy selection	unit control
Target-Value Search Revisited.
search revisited
A Robust Convex Formulation for Ensemble Clustering.
robust convex formulation	ensemble clustering
Query-Based Entailment and Inseparability for ALC Ontologies.
alc ontologies	query-based entailment
A Geometric Theory of Feature Selection and Distance-Based Measures.
geometric theory	feature selection	distance-based measures
Reduction Techniques for Model Checking and Learning in MDPs.
model checking	reduction techniques
A Subspace Kernel for Nonlinear Feature Extraction.
nonlinear feature extraction	subspace kernel
Randomized Sensing in Adversarial Environments.
adversarial environments	randomized sensing
Incorporating Context Correlation into Context-aware Matrix Factorization.
context-aware matrix factorization	incorporating context correlation
Equivalent Stream Reasoning Programs.
equivalent stream reasoning programs
Research Proposal: Cooperation among Self Interested Agents.
interested agents	research proposal
Search Strategies as Synchronous Processes (Extended Abstract).
extended abstract	synchronous processes	search strategies
Intervention Strategies for Increasing Engagement in Crowdsourcing: Platform, Predictions, and Experiments.
increasing engagement	intervention strategies
Reinforcement Learning from Demonstration through Shaping.
reinforcement learning
Class-Wise Supervised Hashing with Label Embedding and Active Bits.
class-wise supervised hashing	active bits	label embedding
Sequential Planning for Steering Immune System Adaptation.
steering immune system adaptation	sequential planning
Security Games with Information Leakage: Modeling and Computation.
security games	information leakage
Automatic Verification of Partial Correctness of Golog Programs.
partial correctness	automatic verification	golog programs
Satisfiability Modulo Constraint Handling Rules (Extended Abstract).
satisfiability modulo constraint handling rules	extended abstract
Repairing General-Purpose ASR Output to Improve Accuracy of Spoken Sentences in Specific Domains Using Artificial Development Approach.
repairing general-purpose asr output	artificial development approach	spoken sentences	specific domains	improve accuracy
Applying Max-Sum to Asymmetric Distributed Constraint Optimization.
asymmetric distributed constraint optimization	applying max-sum
Streaming Multi-Context Systems.
streaming multi-context systems
Using Social Media to Enhance Emergency Situation Awareness: Extended Abstract.
enhance emergency situation awareness	social media	extended abstract
Learning by Actively Querying Strong Modal Features.
actively querying strong modal features
Multi-Task Multi-View Clustering for Non-Negative Data.
multi-task multi-view clustering	non-negative data
Diverse Weighted Bipartite b-Matching.
diverse weighted bipartite b-matching
Conjunctive Query Answering for the Description Logic SHIQ.
conjunctive query answering	description logic shiq
Monte Carlo Tree Search in Continuous Action Spaces with Execution Uncertainty.
monte carlo tree search	continuous action spaces	execution uncertainty
Learning Cooperative Games.
learning cooperative games
Which Semantics for Neighbourhood Semantics?
neighbourhood semantics
Social Trust Prediction Using Rank-k Matrix Recovery.
social trust prediction	matrix recovery
Planning for Stochastic Games with Co-Safe Objectives.
stochastic games	co-safe objectives
Backtracking Procedures for Hypertree, HyperSpread and Connected Hypertree Decomposition of CSPs.
connected hypertree decomposition	backtracking procedures
Beth Definability in Expressive Description Logics.
expressive description logics	beth definability
Emergence of Norms through Social Learning.
social learning
Computational Perspectives on Social Phenomena at Global Scales.
social phenomena	computational perspectives	global scales
Estimating the size of search trees by sampling with domain knowledge.
search trees	domain knowledge
Combining Car-to-Infrastructure Communication and Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning in Route Choice.
combining car-to-infrastructure communication	multi-agent reinforcement learning	route choice
Lexical Sememe Prediction via Word Embeddings and Matrix Factorization.
lexical sememe prediction	matrix factorization	word embeddings
ContextCare: Incorporating Contextual Information Networks to Representation Learning on Medical Forum Data.
incorporating contextual information networks	medical forum data	representation learning
Unsupervised Modeling of Dialog Acts in Asynchronous Conversations.
dialog acts	unsupervised modeling	asynchronous conversations
Multi Class Learning with Individual Sparsity.
multi class learning	individual sparsity
Incomplete Label Distribution Learning.
incomplete label distribution learning
Decomposing Minimal Models.
decomposing minimal models
Planning under Risk and Knightian Uncertainty.
knightian uncertainty
Pseudo-Supervised Training Improves Unsupervised Melody Segmentation.
pseudo-supervised training improves unsupervised melody segmentation
Decision Making under Uncertainty: Social Choice and Manipulation.
social choice	decision making
Differentially Private Matrix Factorization.
differentially private matrix factorization
On the Testability of BDI Agent Systems (Extended Abstract).
bdi agent systems	extended abstract
Machine Learning for Integer Programming.
integer programming	machine learning
Repairing Preference-Based Argumentation Frameworks.
repairing preference-based argumentation frameworks
Constraint Satisfaction and Fair Multi-Objective Optimization Problems: Foundations, Complexity, and Islands of Tractability.
fair multi-objective optimization problems	constraint satisfaction
Subsidies, Stability, and Restricted Cooperation in Coalitional Games.
coalitional games	restricted cooperation
Direct Sparsity Optimization Based Feature Selection for Multi-Class Classification.
direct sparsity optimization based feature selection	multi-class classification
Contextual Symmetries in Probabilistic Graphical Models.
probabilistic graphical models	contextual symmetries
Image Feature Learning for Cold Start Problem in Display Advertising.
cold start problem	image feature learning	display advertising
Fast Recommendations using GAI Models.
fast recommendations	gai models
Reduced Heteroscedasticity Linear Regression for Nyström Approximation.
reduced heteroscedasticity linear regression
Cluster Indicator Decomposition for Efficient Matrix Factorization.
cluster indicator decomposition	efficient matrix factorization
Depth-Driven Circuit-Level Stochastic Local Search for SAT.
depth-driven circuit-level stochastic local search
Partially Supervised Graph Embedding for Positive Unlabelled Feature Selection.
positive unlabelled feature selection	partially supervised graph embedding
UCT for Tactical Assault Planning in Real-Time Strategy Games.
real-time strategy games	tactical assault planning
Adaptively Unified Semi-supervised Learning for Cross-Modal Retrieval.
adaptively unified semi-supervised learning	cross-modal retrieval
Ontology Repair Through Partial Meet Contraction.
partial meet contraction	ontology repair
Unsupervised Sentiment Analysis for Social Media Images.
unsupervised sentiment analysis	social media images
Robust Out-of-Sample Data Recovery.
robust out-of-sample data recovery
Using Constraint Programming to solve a Cryptanalytic Problem.
constraint programming	cryptanalytic problem
Protein Function Prediction by Integrating Multiple Kernels.
integrating multiple kernels	protein function prediction
Control of Robotic Systems for Safe Interaction with Human Operators.
human operators	robotic systems	safe interaction
Baseline Regularization for Computational Drug Repositioning with Longitudinal Observational Data.
longitudinal observational data	computational drug repositioning	baseline regularization
DeepAM: Migrate APIs with Multi-modal Sequence to Sequence Learning.
migrate apis	sequence learning	multi-modal sequence
Attack Semantics for Abstract Argumentation.
attack semantics	abstract argumentation
Adaptive Cluster Ensemble Selection.
adaptive cluster ensemble selection
Constraint Programming on Infinite Data Streams.
infinite data streams	constraint programming
IJCAI 2007, Proceedings of the 20th International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence, Hyderabad, India, January 6-12, 2007
20th international joint conference	january 6-12	artificial intelligence
Exploiting Label Relationship in Multi-Label Learning.
exploiting label relationship	multi-label learning
Making Robots Proactive through Equilibrium Maintenance.
making robots proactive	equilibrium maintenance
DiPRA: Distributed Practical Reasoning Architecture.
distributed practical reasoning architecture
DeepFacade: A Deep Learning Approach to Facade Parsing.
deep learning approach	facade parsing
An Approach to Abductive Reasoning in Equational Logic.
abductive reasoning	equational logic
Multi-View Maximum Entropy Discrimination.
multi-view maximum entropy discrimination
Adapting Surface Sketch Recognition Techniques for Surfaceless Sketches.
adapting surface sketch recognition techniques	surfaceless sketches
KOGNAC: Efficient Encoding of Large Knowledge Graphs.
large knowledge graphs	efficient encoding
Fast Robust Non-Negative Matrix Factorization for Large-Scale Human Action Data Clustering.
large-scale human action data clustering	fast robust non-negative matrix factorization
Solving POMDPs: RTDP-Bel vs. Point-based Algorithms.
point-based algorithms	solving pomdps
Improving Top-N Recommendation with Heterogeneous Loss.
improving top-	heterogeneous loss
Orthogonal and Nonnegative Graph Reconstruction for Large Scale Clustering.
nonnegative graph reconstruction	large scale clustering
Trees of Shortest Paths vs. Steiner Trees: Understanding and Improving Delete Relaxation Heuristics.
improving delete relaxation heuristics	shortest paths
Solving 8x8 Hex.
solving 8x8 hex
Relaxed Exists-Step Plans in Planning as SMT.
relaxed exists-step plans
Probabilistic Counting with Randomized Storage.
randomized storage	probabilistic counting
A Tag-Based Statistical English Math Word Problem Solver with Understanding, Reasoning and Explanation.
tag-based statistical english math word problem solver
Complexity of Unweighted Coalitional Manipulation under Some Common Voting Rules.
common voting rules	unweighted coalitional manipulation
Accommodating Human Variability in Human-Robot Teams through Theory of Mind.
accommodating human variability	human-robot teams
Social signal and user adaptation in reinforcement learning-based dialogue management.
reinforcement learning-based dialogue management	social signal	user adaptation
Iterative Views Agreement: An Iterative Low-Rank Based Structured Optimization Method to Multi-View Spectral Clustering.
iterative low-rank based structured optimization method	iterative views agreement	multi-view spectral clustering
Dealing with Concept Drift and Class Imbalance in Multi-Label Stream Classification.
multi-label stream classification	concept drift	class imbalance
Query Rewriting for DL-Lite with n-ary Concrete Domains.
n-ary concrete domains	query rewriting
Fusion of Multiple Features and Supervised Learning for Chinese OOV Term Detection and POS Guessing.
chinese oov term detection	multiple features	supervised learning	pos guessing
Staying Ahead of the Game: Adaptive Robust Optimization for Dynamic Allocation of Threat Screening Resources.
adaptive robust optimization	threat screening resources	dynamic allocation	staying ahead
Asymptotically Tight Bounds for Inefficiency in Risk-Averse Selfish Routing.
asymptotically tight bounds	risk-averse selfish routing
Web Page Clustering Using Heuristic Search in the Web Graph.
web page clustering	web graph	heuristic search
Automatic interface optimization through random exploration of available elements.
automatic interface optimization	random exploration
Efficient Methods for Multi-Objective Decision-Theoretic Planning.
multi-objective decision-theoretic planning	efficient methods
Exploiting Partial Assignments for Efficient Evaluation of Answer Set Programs with External Source Access.
external source access	answer set programs	exploiting partial assignments	efficient evaluation
Verifying Normative Behaviour via Normative Mechanism Design.
verifying normative behaviour	normative mechanism design
Trailer Generation via a Point Process-Based Visual Attractiveness Model.
point process-based visual attractiveness model	trailer generation
Representation Learning of Knowledge Graphs with Hierarchical Types.
representation learning	knowledge graphs	hierarchical types
LIMES - A Time-Efficient Approach for Large-Scale Link Discovery on the Web of Data.
large-scale link discovery	time-efficient approach
Learning Discriminative Correlation Subspace for Heterogeneous Domain Adaptation.
learning discriminative correlation subspace	heterogeneous domain adaptation
Integrated Learning for Goal-Driven Autonomy.
integrated learning	goal-driven autonomy
Angluin-Style Learning of NFA.
angluin-style learning
A Symmetry Reduction Technique for Model Checking Temporal-Epistemic Logic.
model checking temporal-epistemic logic	symmetry reduction technique
Improving Search in Social Networks by Agent Based Mining.
agent based mining	social networks	improving search
A Formal Account of Nondeterministic and Failed Actions.
failed actions	formal account
Information Fusion Based Learning for Frugal Traffic State Sensing.
information fusion based learning	frugal traffic state sensing
Softpressure: A Schedule-Driven Backpressure Algorithm for Coping with Network Congestion.
schedule-driven backpressure algorithm	network congestion
Revisiting Unrestricted Rebut and Preferences in Structured Argumentation.
revisiting unrestricted rebut	structured argumentation
Dimensionality Reduction with Generalized Linear Models.
generalized linear models	dimensionality reduction
Learning Stable Linear Dynamical Systems with the Weighted Least Square Method.
learning stable linear dynamical systems	square method
Thou Shalt Covet Thy Neighbor's Cake.
thou shalt covet thy neighbor
Copula Graphical Models for Wind Resource Estimation.
copula graphical models	wind resource estimation
Debugging Program Code Using Implicative Dependencies.
debugging program code	implicative dependencies
Voting by sequential elimination with few voters.
sequential elimination
Employing Batch Reinforcement Learning to Control Gene Regulation Without Explicitly Constructing Gene Regulatory Networks.
explicitly constructing gene regulatory networks	employing batch reinforcement learning	control gene regulation
Planning for a Single Agent in a Multi-Agent Environment Using FOND.
multi-agent environment	single agent
Tradeoffs between Incentive Mechanisms in Boolean Games.
boolean games	incentive mechanisms
A Labeling Approach to the Computation of Credulous Acceptance in Argumentation.
labeling approach	credulous acceptance
Optimal Auctions for Partially Rational Bidders.
partially rational bidders	optimal auctions
Robust Tensor Clustering with Non-Greedy Maximization.
robust tensor clustering	non-greedy maximization
Planning with SAT, Admissible Heuristics and A*.
admissible heuristics
Real-Time Heuristic Search with Depression Avoidance.
real-time heuristic search	depression avoidance
Determining Expert Research Areas with Multi-Instance Learning of Hierarchical Multi-Label Classification Model.
hierarchical multi-label classification model	determining expert research areas	multi-instance learning
Blind Search for Atari-Like Online Planning Revisited.
online planning revisited	blind search
A Framework for Integrating Symbolic and Sub-Symbolic Representations.
integrating symbolic	sub-symbolic representations
A Multivariate Complexity Analysis of Determining Possible Winners Given Incomplete Votes.
multivariate complexity analysis	incomplete votes
Ordering Concepts Based on Common Attribute Intensity.
ordering concepts based	common attribute intensity
A General Multi-agent Epistemic Planner Based on Higher-order Belief Change.
general multi-agent epistemic planner based	higher-order belief change
A Logical Framework for Modularity of Ontologies.
logical framework
A New Input Method for Human Translators: Integrating Machine Translation Effectively and Imperceptibly.
integrating machine translation effectively	input method	human translators
Haiku Generator that Reads Blogs and Illustrates Them with Sounds and Images.
haiku generator	reads blogs
On Ranking and Choice Models.
choice models
Correlational Dueling Bandits with Application to Clinical Treatment in Large Decision Spaces.
large decision spaces	correlational dueling bandits	clinical treatment
Robust Quadratic Programming for Price Optimization.
robust quadratic programming	price optimization
Agreement-Based Joint Training for Bidirectional Attention-Based Neural Machine Translation.
bidirectional attention-based neural machine translation	agreement-based joint training
Linear Dimensionality Reduction for Multi-label Classification.
linear dimensionality reduction	multi-label classification
Community Detection in Social Networks through Community Formation Games.
community formation games	community detection	social networks
Disguise Adversarial Networks for Click-through Rate Prediction.
disguise adversarial networks	rate prediction
Probabilistic Matrix Inspection and Group Scheduling.
probabilistic matrix inspection	group scheduling
Leveraging Multi-Domain Prior Knowledge in Topic Models.
leveraging multi-domain prior knowledge	topic models
Generalized Target Assignment and Path Finding Using Answer Set Programming.
generalized target assignment	answer set programming	path finding
Data Sparseness in Linear SVM.
linear svm	data sparseness
Multi-Agent Only Knowing on Planet Kripke.
planet kripke
3D Action Recognition Using Multi-Temporal Depth Motion Maps and Fisher Vector.
multi-temporal depth motion maps	3d action recognition	fisher vector
Description Logic Based Dynamic Systems: Modeling, Verification, and Synthesis.
description logic based dynamic systems
Self-Managing Associative Memory for Dynamic Acquisition of Expertise in High-Level Domains.
self-managing associative memory	high-level domains	dynamic acquisition
Hierarchical Multi-channel Hidden Semi Markov Models.
hierarchical multi-channel hidden semi markov models
Mirror Representation for Modeling View-Specific Transform in Person Re-Identification.
modeling view-specific transform	mirror representation	person re-identification
Rational Architecture = Architecture from a Recommender Perspective.
rational architecture = architecture	recommender perspective
WiFi-SLAM Using Gaussian Process Latent Variable Models.
gaussian process latent variable models
A General Elicitation-Free Protocol for Allocating Indivisible Goods.
allocating indivisible goods	general elicitation-free protocol
Welfare Maximization in Fractional Hedonic Games.
fractional hedonic games	welfare maximization
Bootstrap Learning via Modular Concept Discovery.
modular concept discovery	bootstrap learning
Learning Driving Behavior by Timed Syntactic Pattern Recognition.
timed syntactic pattern recognition	learning driving behavior
Constrained Bayesian Reinforcement Learning via Approximate Linear Programming.
constrained bayesian reinforcement learning	approximate linear programming
Efficient, Safe, and Probably Approximately Complete Learning of Action Models.
approximately complete learning	action models
An Algorithm for Constructing and Solving Imperfect Recall Abstractions of Large Extensive-Form Games.
solving imperfect recall abstractions	large extensive-form games
Non-Myopic Negotiators See What's Best.
non-myopic negotiators
Collaborative Multi Agent Physical Search with Probabilistic Knowledge.
collaborative multi agent physical search	probabilistic knowledge
When reflective feedback triggers goal revision: a computational model for literary creativity.
reflective feedback triggers goal revision	computational model	literary creativity
Optimizing Cepstral Features for Audio Classification.
optimizing cepstral features	audio classification
A Faithful Integration of Description Logics with Logic Programming.
logic programming	faithful integration	description logics
Directed Graph Embedding.
directed graph embedding
Baby Tartanian8: Winning Agent from the 2016 Annual Computer Poker Competition.
2016 annual computer poker competition	baby tartanian8	winning agent
DrosophilaGene Expression Pattern Annotation through Multi-Instance Multi-Label Learning.
drosophilagene expression pattern annotation	multi-instance multi-label learning
Dynamic Task Allocation Algorithm for Hiring Workers that Learn.
dynamic task allocation algorithm	hiring workers
The Dependence of Effective Planning Horizon on Model Accuracy.
effective planning horizon	model accuracy
WALTZ: A Strong Tzaar-Playing Program.
strong tzaar-playing program
Co-Optimizating Multi-Agent Placement with Task Assignment and Scheduling.
co-optimizating multi-agent placement	task assignment
Completely Heterogeneous Transfer Learning with Attention - What And What Not To Transfer.
completely heterogeneous transfer learning
Improving DCNN Performance with Sparse Category-Selective Objective Function.
sparse category-selective objective function	improving dcnn performance
Distributed Accelerated Proximal Coordinate Gradient Methods.
distributed accelerated proximal coordinate gradient methods
On the Synergy of Network Science and Artificial Intelligence.
artificial intelligence	network science
Joint Learning on Relevant User Attributes in Micro-blog.
relevant user attributes	joint learning
Constrained Information-Theoretic Tripartite Graph Clustering to Identify Semantically Similar Relations.
constrained information-theoretic tripartite graph clustering	identify semantically similar relations
RDFKB: A Semantic Web Knowledge Base.
semantic web knowledge base
Transfer Learning for Activity Recognition via Sensor Mapping.
activity recognition	transfer learning	sensor mapping
Multi-Modal Image Annotation with Multi-Instance Multi-Label LDA.
multi-modal image annotation	multi-instance multi-label lda
Optimal Prosumer Decision-Making Using Factored MDPs.
optimal prosumer decision-making	factored mdps
Computational Social Choice: Some Current and New Directions.
computational social choice
Complexity of Efficient and Envy-Free Resource Allocation: Few Agents, Resources, or Utility Levels.
envy-free resource allocation	utility levels
A Distributed Control Loop for Autonomous Recovery in a Multi-Agent Plan.
distributed control loop	multi-agent plan	autonomous recovery
Three Strategies to Success: Learning Adversary Models in Security Games.
learning adversary models	security games
On the Logic of Normative Systems.
normative systems
App Download Forecasting: An Evolutionary Hierarchical Competition Approach.
evolutionary hierarchical competition approach	app download forecasting
Inferring Painting Style with Multi-Task Dictionary Learning.
inferring painting style	multi-task dictionary learning
Learning Kinematic Models for Articulated Objects.
learning kinematic models	articulated objects
Learning Geographical Hierarchy Features for Social Image Location Prediction.
learning geographical hierarchy features	social image location prediction
Simple Atom Selection Strategy for Greedy Matrix Completion.
simple atom selection strategy	greedy matrix completion
Concise Characteristic Function Representations in Coalitional Games Based on Agent Types.
concise characteristic function representations	coalitional games based	agent types
Probabilistic Rank-One Matrix Analysis with Concurrent Regularization.
matrix analysis	concurrent regularization	probabilistic rank-
Graph-Based Factorization of Classical Planning Problems.
classical planning problems	graph-based factorization
Causal Learnability.
causal learnability
Active Learning for Cross-domain Sentiment Classification.
cross-domain sentiment classification	active learning
In Search of Tractability for Partial Satisfaction Planning.
partial satisfaction planning
Minimally Complete Recommendations.
minimally complete recommendations
Discrete-Time Temporal Reasoning with Horn DLRs.
discrete-time temporal reasoning	horn dlrs
Preference Elicitation for Single Crossing Domain.
single crossing domain	preference elicitation
Extracting Protein-Reaction Information from Tables of Unpredictable Format and Content in the Molecular Biology Literature.
extracting protein-reaction information	molecular biology literature	unpredictable format
Exploring Protein Fragment Assembly Using CLP.
exploring protein fragment assembly
Similarity-Based Approach for Positive and Unlabeled Learning.
unlabeled learning	similarity-based approach
Stacking With Auxiliary Features.
auxiliary features
What You Seek Is What You Get: Extraction of Class Attributes from Query Logs.
class attributes	query logs
Dynamic of Argumentation Frameworks.
argumentation frameworks
Normative Practical Reasoning: An Argumentation-Based Approach.
normative practical reasoning	argumentation-based approach
IJCAI-07 Awards and Distinguished Papers.
ijcai-07 awards	distinguished papers
Monte Carlo Tree Search Techniques in the Game of Kriegspiel.
monte carlo tree search techniques
A Flexible Unsupervised PP-Attachment Method Using Semantic Information.
flexible unsupervised pp-attachment method	semantic information
Networked Fairness in Cake Cutting.
cake cutting	networked fairness
Computation of Initial Modes for K-modes Clustering Algorithm Using Evidence Accumulation.
k-modes clustering algorithm	initial modes	evidence accumulation
Sparsity Conditional Energy Label Distribution Learning for Age Estimation.
sparsity conditional energy label distribution learning	age estimation
Control-Based Clause Sharing in Parallel SAT Solving.
control-based clause sharing	parallel sat solving
A General Approach to Environment Design with One Agent.
environment design	general approach
Communicating Open Systems: Extended Abstract.
communicating open systems	extended abstract
Knowledge Compilation Properties of Trees-of-BDDs, Revisited.
knowledge compilation properties
Influence Maximization in Big Networks: An Incremental Algorithm for Streaming Subgraph Influence Spread Estimation.
streaming subgraph influence spread estimation	influence maximization	incremental algorithm	big networks
A Real-Time Opponent Modeling System for Rush Football.
real-time opponent modeling system	rush football
Inverse Reinforcement Learning in Relational Domains.
inverse reinforcement learning	relational domains
Modeling the Homophily Effect between Links and Communities for Overlapping Community Detection.
overlapping community detection	homophily effect
Concrete Problems for Autonomous Vehicle Safety: Advantages of Bayesian Deep Learning.
autonomous vehicle safety	bayesian deep learning	concrete problems
Multiobjective Optimization using GAI Models.
gai models	multiobjective optimization
Crowdsourcing via Tensor Augmentation and Completion.
tensor augmentation
On Broken Triangles.
broken triangles
When Security Games Hit Traffic: Optimal Traffic Enforcement Under One Sided Uncertainty.
security games hit traffic	optimal traffic enforcement	sided uncertainty
A Density-based Nonparametric Model for Online Event Discovery from the Social Media Data.
density-based nonparametric model	online event discovery	social media data
Learning HTN Method Preconditions and Action Models from Partial Observations.
learning htn method preconditions	partial observations	action models
Planning for Temporally Extended Goals as Propositional Satisfiability.
temporally extended goals	propositional satisfiability
Beyond Universal Saliency: Personalized Saliency Prediction with Multi-task CNN.
personalized saliency prediction	universal saliency	multi-task cnn
Integrating Partial Order Reduction and Symmetry Elimination for Cost-Optimal Classical Planning.
integrating partial order reduction	cost-optimal classical planning	symmetry elimination
A Transitivity Aware Matrix Factorization Model for Recommendation in Social Networks.
transitivity aware matrix factorization model	social networks
EBEK: Exemplar-Based Kernel Preserving Embedding.
exemplar-based kernel preserving embedding
A Generalization of SAT and #SAT for Robust Policy Evaluation.
robust policy evaluation
Learning to Identify Ambiguous and Misleading News Headlines.
misleading news headlines	identify ambiguous
Domain Adaptation with Ensemble of Feature Groups.
feature groups	domain adaptation
Accelerated Inexact Soft-Impute for Fast Large-Scale Matrix Completion.
fast large-scale matrix completion	accelerated inexact soft-impute
The Many Benefits of Annotator Rationales for Relevance Judgments.
relevance judgments	annotator rationales
Natural Vision and Mathematics: Seeing Impossibilities.
natural vision
Interactive Preference Elicitation for Scientific and Cultural Recommendations.
interactive preference elicitation	cultural recommendations
Learning Efficient Logical Robot Strategies Involving Composable Objects.
learning efficient logical robot strategies involving composable objects
Probabilistic Reasoning with Inconsistent Beliefs Using Inconsistency Measures.
inconsistent beliefs	inconsistency measures	probabilistic reasoning
Characterization of the Expressivity of Existential Rule Queries.
existential rule queries
Towards a White Box Approach to Automated Algorithm Design.
automated algorithm design	white box approach
User-Dependent Aspect Model for Collaborative Activity Recognition.
user-dependent aspect model	collaborative activity recognition
Evolving Ambiguous Images.
evolving ambiguous images
Context-aware Path Ranking for Knowledge Base Completion.
context-aware path ranking	knowledge base completion
Frequent Direction Algorithms for Approximate Matrix Multiplication with Applications in CCA.
frequent direction algorithms	approximate matrix multiplication
Learning-Based Abstractions for Nonlinear Constraint Solving.
nonlinear constraint solving	learning-based abstractions
A New Perspective on Stable Models.
stable models
KSP: A Resolution-based Prover for Multimodal K, Abridged Report.
abridged report	resolution-based prover
Data Compression for Learning MRF Parameters.
learning mrf parameters	data compression
OSS: A Semantic Similarity Function based on Hierarchical Ontologies.
semantic similarity function based	hierarchical ontologies
RHash: Robust Hashing via L_infinity-norm Distortion.
robust hashing	l_infinity-norm distortion
Combining Existential Rules and Transitivity: Next Steps.
combining existential rules
Query Understanding through Knowledge-Based Conceptualization.
knowledge-based conceptualization	query understanding
On Minimum Representations of Matched Formulas (Extended Abstract).
matched formulas	extended abstract	minimum representations
The Combined Approach to Query Answering Beyond the OWL 2 Profiles.
owl 2 profiles	query answering	combined approach
Collapsed Variational Dirichlet Process Mixture Models.
collapsed variational dirichlet process mixture models
Multi-Agent Coordination: DCOPs and Beyond.
multi-agent coordination
On Redundant Topological Constraints (Extended Abstract).
redundant topological constraints	extended abstract
Equivalence Results between Feedforward and Recurrent Neural Networks for Sequences.
recurrent neural networks	equivalence results
Neural Generative Question Answering.
neural generative question answering
Compiling the Votes of a Subelectorate.
subelectorate
Kernel Carpentry for Online Regression Using Randomly Varying Coefficient Model.
randomly varying coefficient model	kernel carpentry	online regression
Grounding the Meaning of Words through Vision and Interactive Gameplay.
interactive gameplay
Video-Based Person Re-Identification by Simultaneously Learning Intra-Video and Inter-Video Distance Metrics.
simultaneously learning intra-video	video-based person re-identification	inter-video distance metrics
Operationalizing Operational Logics: Semiotic Knowledge Representations for Interactive Systems.
semiotic knowledge representations	operationalizing operational logics	interactive systems
Bounding the Inefficiency of Compromise.
bounding
Distribution-Aware Online Classifiers.
distribution-aware online classifiers
Ambiguous Part-of-Speech Tagging for Improving Accuracy and Domain Portability of Syntactic Parsers.
ambiguous part-of-speech tagging	syntactic parsers	improving accuracy	domain portability
Is Promoting Beliefs Useful to Make Them Accepted in Networks of Agents?.
promoting beliefs
A Hybrid Recursive Multi-Way Number Partitioning Algorithm.
hybrid recursive multi-	number partitioning algorithm
MORRF*: Sampling-Based Multi-Objective Motion Planning.
sampling-based multi-objective motion planning
Multi-Label Active Learning: Query Type Matters.
query type matters	multi-label active learning
Location Based Services Recommendation with Budget Constraints.
location based services recommendation	budget constraints
Tensor Based Knowledge Transfer Across Skill Categories for Robot Control.
tensor based knowledge transfer	skill categories	robot control
Bounded Epistemic Situation Calculus Theories.
bounded epistemic situation calculus theories
Solving Heads-Up Limit Texas Hold'em.
limit texas hold	solving heads-
Unified Representation and Lifted Sampling for Generative Models of Social Networks.
social networks	lifted sampling	generative models	unified representation
Multi-Stream Deep Similarity Learning Networks for Visual Tracking.
multi-stream deep similarity learning networks	visual tracking
Computational Invention of Cadences and Chord Progressions by Conceptual Chord-Blending.
chord progressions	computational invention	conceptual chord-blending
Extracting Keyphrases to Represent Relations in Social Networks from Web.
represent relations	social networks	extracting keyphrases
Semantic Concept Discovery for Large-Scale Zero-Shot Event Detection.
large-scale zero-shot event detection	semantic concept discovery
IJCAI-09 Awards and Distinguished Papers.
ijcai-09 awards	distinguished papers
The Multi-Inter-Distance Constraint.
multi-inter-distance constraint
Crowdsourcing-Assisted Query Structure Interpretation.
crowdsourcing-assisted query structure interpretation
A Hidden Markov Model-Based Acoustic Cicada Detector for Crowdsourced Smartphone Biodiversity Monitoring.
hidden markov model-based acoustic cicada detector	crowdsourced smartphone biodiversity monitoring
Flexible, High Performance Convolutional Neural Networks for Image Classification.
high performance convolutional neural networks	image classification
Active Learning from Crowds with Unsure Option.
unsure option	active learning
Multimodal Linear Discriminant Analysis via Structural Sparsity.
multimodal linear discriminant analysis	structural sparsity
No Time to Observe: Adaptive Influence Maximization with Partial Feedback.
adaptive influence maximization	partial feedback
Transfer Hashing with Privileged Information.
transfer hashing	privileged information
FolkPopularityRank: Tag Recommendation for Enhancing Social Popularity using Text Tags in Content Sharing Services.
enhancing social popularity	content sharing services	text tags	tag recommendation
Raising Expectations in GDA Agents Acting in Dynamic Environments.
gda agents acting	dynamic environments	raising expectations
Perfectly Solving Domineering Boards.
perfectly solving domineering boards
Granular Description of Qualitative Change.
qualitative change	granular description
Modularity Based Community Detection with Deep Learning.
modularity based community detection	deep learning
Budgeted Multi-Armed Bandits with Multiple Plays.
budgeted multi-armed bandits	multiple plays
Informed Expectations to Guide GDA Agents in Partially Observable Environments.
partially observable environments	guide gda agents	informed expectations
An Exact Inference Scheme for MinSAT.
exact inference scheme
Multi-Dimensional Causal Discovery.
multi-dimensional causal discovery
Further Results on Predicting Cognitive Abilities for Adaptive Visualizations.
predicting cognitive abilities	adaptive visualizations
Semantic Indexing of a Competence Map to Support Scientific Collaboration in a Research Community.
support scientific collaboration	semantic indexing	research community	competence map
Variety Reasoning for Multiset Constraint Propagation.
multiset constraint propagation	variety reasoning
Quality Guarantees on k-Optimal Solutions for Distributed Constraint Optimization Problems.
distributed constraint optimization problems	k-optimal solutions	quality guarantees
On the Decidability of Connectedness Constraints in 2D and 3D Euclidean Spaces.
3d euclidean spaces	connectedness constraints
Selecting Informative Universum Sample for Semi-Supervised Learning.
selecting informative universum sample	semi-supervised learning
Towards a Linked Information Architecture for Integrated Law Enforcement.
linked information architecture	integrated law enforcement
Predicting Human Strategic Decisions Using Facial Expressions.
predicting human strategic decisions	facial expressions
Why Prices Need Algorithms.
prices
Simultaneous Abstraction and Equilibrium Finding in Games.
equilibrium finding	simultaneous abstraction
How to Change a Group's Collective Decision?
collective decision
Towards Understanding the Invertibility of Convolutional Neural Networks.
convolutional neural networks
Global/Local Dynamic Models.
global/local dynamic models
Recommender Systems from "Words of Few Mouths".
recommender systems
Predicting Globally-Coherent Temporal Structures from Texts via Endpoint Inference and Graph Decomposition.
predicting globally-coherent temporal structures	endpoint inference	graph decomposition
Verifying Emergent Properties of Swarms.
verifying emergent properties
On Teaching Collaboration to a Team of Autonomous Agents via Imitation.
teaching collaboration	autonomous agents
A Model for Collective Strategy Diffusion in Agent Social Law Evolution.
agent social law evolution	collective strategy diffusion
Generating Hard Random Boolean Formulas and Disjunctive Logic Programs.
generating hard random boolean formulas	disjunctive logic programs
Solving QBF by Clause Selection.
clause selection	solving qbf
Artificial Intelligence and Human Thinking.
artificial intelligence	human thinking
Online Egocentric Models for Citation Networks.
online egocentric models	citation networks
Context-Independent Claim Detection for Argument Mining.
context-independent claim detection	argument mining
Balancing Utility and Deal Probability for Auction-Based Negotiations in Highly Nonlinear Utility Spaces.
highly nonlinear utility spaces	balancing utility	auction-based negotiations	deal probability
Weakly Supervised Matrix Factorization for Noisily Tagged Image Parsing.
noisily tagged image parsing	weakly supervised matrix factorization
Inferring Long-term User Properties Based on Users' Location History.
inferring long-term user properties based	location history
Optimization of Probabilistic Argumentation with Markov Decision Models.
markov decision models	probabilistic argumentation
Adaptive Data Compression for Robot Perception.
adaptive data compression	robot perception
On Valued Negation Normal Form Formulas.
valued negation normal form formulas
Temporal Grounding Graphs for Language Understanding with Accrued Visual-Linguistic Context.
temporal grounding graphs	accrued visual-linguistic context	language understanding
Kemeny Elections with Bounded Single-Peaked or Single-Crossing Width.
single-crossing width	kemeny elections	bounded single-peaked
Right for the Right Reasons: Training Differentiable Models by Constraining their Explanations.
training differentiable models
Celebrity Recommendation with Collaborative Social Topic Regression.
collaborative social topic regression	celebrity recommendation
Sifting Common Information from Many Variables.
sifting common information
Eliminating Disjunctions in Answer Set Programming by Restricted Unfolding.
answer set programming	eliminating disjunctions	restricted unfolding
A Characterization of n-Player Strongly Monotone Scheduling Mechanisms.
n-player strongly monotone scheduling mechanisms
Robust Learning for Repeated Stochastic Games via Meta-Gaming.
repeated stochastic games	robust learning
Towards Context Aware Emotional Intelligence in Machines: Computing Contextual Appropriateness of Affective States.
context aware emotional intelligence	computing contextual appropriateness	affective states
Aesthetic Visual Quality Evaluation of Chinese Handwritings.
aesthetic visual quality evaluation	chinese handwritings
Upper Confidence Weighted Learning for Efficient Exploration in Multiclass Prediction with Binary Feedback.
upper confidence weighted learning	multiclass prediction	binary feedback	efficient exploration
Using Double-Oracle Method and Serialized Alpha-Beta Search for Pruning in Simultaneous Move Games.
simultaneous move games	serialized alpha-beta search	double-oracle method
Generating Recommendation Evidence Using Translation Model.
generating recommendation evidence	translation model
Exploiting Image Contents in Web Search.
exploiting image contents	web search
Learning Classifiers When the Training Data Is Not IID.
learning classifiers	training data
A Game-Theoretic Machine Learning Approach for Revenue Maximization in Sponsored Search.
game-theoretic machine learning approach	sponsored search	revenue maximization
Modeling Situation Awareness in Human-Like Agents Using Mental Models.
modeling situation awareness	mental models
Maintaining Soft Arc Consistencies in BnB-ADOPT+ During Search.
maintaining soft arc consistencies
Characterizing Causal Action Theories and Their Implementations in Answer Set Programming: Action Languages B, C, and Beyond.
characterizing causal action theories	answer set programming	action languages
Decision Trees for Computer Go Features.
decision trees
DeepStory: Video Story QA by Deep Embedded Memory Networks.
deep embedded memory networks	video story qa
Symbolic Model Checking for One-Resource RB+-ATL.
symbolic model checking	one-resource rb+-atl
Tensor Decomposition with Missing Indices.
missing indices	tensor decomposition
A Competitive Strategy for Function Approximation in Q-Learning.
competitive strategy	function approximation
Improving Combinatorial Optimization - Extended Abstract.
improving combinatorial optimization	extended abstract
Coordination to Avoid Starvation of Bottleneck Agents in a Large Network System.
large network system	bottleneck agents	avoid starvation
Large-scale Online Kernel Learning with Random Feature Reparameterization.
large-scale online kernel learning	random feature reparameterization
Human Behavior Analysis from Video Data Using Bag-of-Gestures.
human behavior analysis	video data
Co-Regularized Ensemble for Feature Selection.
co-regularized ensemble	feature selection
Solving the Partial Label Learning Problem: An Instance-Based Approach.
partial label learning problem	instance-based approach
Delta-Tolling: Adaptive Tolling for Optimizing Traffic Throughput.
optimizing traffic throughput	adaptive tolling
Unsupervised Word and Dependency Path Embeddings for Aspect Term Extraction.
dependency path embeddings	aspect term extraction	unsupervised word
Set Branching in Constraint Optimization.
constraint optimization	set branching
IJCAI-07 Keynote and Invited Speakers.
ijcai-07 keynote	invited speakers
Learning from Natural Instructions.
natural instructions
Decidable Reasoning in a Modified Situation Calculus.
modified situation calculus	decidable reasoning
An Iterative Approach to Synthesize Data Transformation Programs.
synthesize data transformation programs	iterative approach
Multi-Class Support Vector Machine via Maximizing Multi-Class Margins.
multi-class support vector machine	maximizing multi-class margins
Learning Visual Symbols for Parsing Human Poses in Images.
learning visual symbols	parsing human poses
Exploiting High-Order Information in Heterogeneous Multi-Task Feature Learning.
heterogeneous multi-task feature learning	exploiting high-order information
A Hard Look at Soft Concepts.
soft concepts
Program Committee.
program committee
Qualitative Temporal Reasoning about Vague Events.
qualitative temporal reasoning	vague events
Predictive Models of Malicious Behavior in Human Negotiations.
human negotiations	predictive models	malicious behavior
Parameterised Verification of Data-aware Multi-Agent Systems.
data-aware multi-agent systems	parameterised verification
Refutation in Dummett Logic Using a Sign to Express the Truth at the Next Possible World.
dummett logic
Exploiting Problem Structure in Combinatorial Landscapes: A Case Study on Pure Mathematics Application.
exploiting problem structure	pure mathematics application	combinatorial landscapes	case study
Solving Dynamic Constraint Satisfaction Problems by Identifying Stable Features.
solving dynamic constraint satisfaction problems	identifying stable features
A Privacy Preserving Algorithm for Multi-Agent Planning and Search.
privacy preserving algorithm	multi-agent planning
Heuristic Rule-Based Regression via Dynamic Reduction to Classification.
heuristic rule-based regression	dynamic reduction
Awards and Distinguished Papers.
distinguished papers
Forgetting and Uniform Interpolation in Large-Scale Description Logic Terminologies.
large-scale description logic terminologies	uniform interpolation
A Game-Theoretic Analysis of Strictly Competitive Multiagent Scenarios.
strictly competitive multiagent scenarios	game-theoretic analysis
Towards Ontology Composition from Cognitive Libraries.
ontology composition	cognitive libraries
Polynomial Datalog Rewritings for Expressive Description Logics with Closed Predicates.
expressive description logics	polynomial datalog rewritings	closed predicates
Cross-View Projective Dictionary Learning for Person Re-Identification.
cross-view projective dictionary learning	person re-identification
Fast Recursive Low-rank Tensor Learning for Regression.
fast recursive low-rank tensor learning
Towards Unsupervised Ontology Learning from Data.
unsupervised ontology learning
Automatic State Abstraction from Demonstration.
automatic state abstraction
On Conceptual Labeling of a Bag of Words.
conceptual labeling
Where Are the Really Hard Manipulation Problems? The Phase Transition in Manipulating the Veto Rule.
hard manipulation problems	phase transition	veto rule
Allocating Indivisible Items in Categorized Domains.
allocating indivisible items	categorized domains
Data Mining a Trillion Time Series Subsequences Under Dynamic Time Warping.
trillion time series subsequences	dynamic time warping	data mining
Trading Off Solution Quality for Faster Computation in DCOP Search Algorithms.
dcop search algorithms	faster computation	solution quality
Online Bellman Residual and Temporal Difference Algorithms with Predictive Error Guarantees.
online bellman residual	temporal difference algorithms	predictive error guarantees
Learning to Hallucinate Face Images via Component Generation and Enhancement.
hallucinate face images	component generation
At Home with Agents: Exploring Attitudes Towards Future Smart Energy Infrastructures.
future smart energy infrastructures	exploring attitudes
Adaptive Elicitation of Preferences under Uncertainty in Sequential Decision Making Problems.
sequential decision making problems	adaptive elicitation
Practical Computing with Pattern Structures in FCART Environment.
practical computing	fcart environment	pattern structures
Collaborative Place Models.
collaborative place models
Backdoors to Abduction.
abduction
Max Is More than Min: Solving Maximization Problems with Heuristic Search.
solving maximization problems	heuristic search
Recommendation Algorithms for Optimizing Hit Rate, User Satisfaction and Website Revenue.
optimizing hit rate	website revenue	user satisfaction	recommendation algorithms
Flexible Procurement of Services with Uncertain Durations using Redundancy.
uncertain durations	flexible procurement
Reduced Time-Expansion Graphs and Goal Decomposition for Solving Cooperative Path Finding Sub-Optimally.
solving cooperative path finding sub-optimally	reduced time-expansion graphs	goal decomposition
Strategic Interactions Among Agents with Bounded Rationality.
bounded rationality	strategic interactions
Enhancing Campaign Design in Crowdfunding: A Product Supply Optimization Perspective.
product supply optimization perspective	enhancing campaign design
Fair LTL Synthesis for Non-Deterministic Systems using Strong Cyclic Planners.
fair ltl synthesis	strong cyclic planners	non-deterministic systems
Why You Should Charge Your Friends for Borrowing Your Stuff.
borrowing
A Model for Accountable Ordinal Sorting.
accountable ordinal sorting
DeQED: An Efficient Divide-and-Coordinate Algorithm for DCOP.
efficient divide-and-coordinate algorithm
Temporalized EL Ontologies for Accessing Temporal Data: Complexity of Atomic Queries.
temporalized el ontologies	accessing temporal data	atomic queries
A Study of Unrestricted Abstract Argumentation Frameworks.
unrestricted abstract argumentation frameworks
Just an Artifact: Why Machines Are Perceived as Moral Agents.
moral agents
Model Checking Knowledge in Pursuit Evasion Games.
model checking knowledge	pursuit evasion games
Non-monotonic Temporal Logics for Goal Specification.
non-monotonic temporal logics	goal specification
Literal-Based MCS Extraction.
literal-based mcs extraction
Robust Optimization for Hybrid MDPs with State-Dependent Noise.
robust optimization	state-dependent noise	hybrid mdps
Large Neighborhood Search and Adaptive Randomized Decompositions for Flexible Jobshop Scheduling.
large neighborhood search	adaptive randomized decompositions	flexible jobshop scheduling
Exploiting Probabilistic Knowledge under Uncertain Sensing for Efficient Robot Behaviour.
exploiting probabilistic knowledge	efficient robot behaviour	uncertain sensing
Capabilities in Heterogeneous Multi Robot Systems.
heterogeneous multi robot systems
From Qualitative to Quantitative Dominance Pruning for Optimal Planning.
quantitative dominance pruning	optimal planning
Detection of Imperative and Declarative Question-Answer Pairs in Email Conversations.
declarative question-answer pairs	email conversations
Phrase Detectives: Utilizing Collective Intelligence for Internet-Scale Language Resource Creation (Extended Abstract).
internet-scale language resource creation	utilizing collective intelligence	phrase detectives	extended abstract
Cooperating Reasoning Processes: More than Just the Sum of Their Parts.
cooperating reasoning processes
Anticipatory Troubleshooting.
anticipatory troubleshooting
Finite Model Computation via Answer Set Programming.
finite model computation	answer set programming
Simple and Fast Strong Cyclic Planning for Fully-Observable Nondeterministic Planning Problems.
fast strong cyclic planning	fully-observable nondeterministic planning problems
Packing Curved Objects.
packing curved objects
Anytime Inference in Probabilistic Logic Programs with Tp-Compilation.
probabilistic logic programs	anytime inference
Tri-Party Deep Network Representation.
tri-party deep network representation
Learning Optimal Bayesian Networks Using A* Search.
learning optimal bayesian networks
Building Portable Options: Skill Transfer in Reinforcement Learning.
building portable options	skill transfer	reinforcement learning
Lazy Paired Hyper-Parameter Tuning.
lazy paired hyper-parameter tuning
Bootstrap Voting Experts.
bootstrap voting experts
Probabilistic Inference in Hybrid Domains.
hybrid domains	probabilistic inference
Multiwinner Rules on Paths From k-Borda to Chamberlin-Courant.
multiwinner rules
Generalized Clustergrams for Overlapping Biclusters.
generalized clustergrams	overlapping biclusters
Disambiguating Energy Disaggregation: A Collective Probabilistic Approach.
disambiguating energy disaggregation	collective probabilistic approach
Clustering Dynamic Spatio-Temporal Patterns in The Presence of Noise and Missing Data.
clustering dynamic spatio-temporal patterns	missing data
Kinship Verification through Transfer Learning.
transfer learning	kinship verification
A SAT-Based Approach for Mining Association Rules.
mining association rules	sat-based approach
Detecting and Exploiting Subproblem Tractability.
exploiting subproblem tractability
Statistical Regimes and Runtime Prediction.
runtime prediction	statistical regimes
Mining Convex Polygon Patterns with Formal Concept Analysis.
mining convex polygon patterns	formal concept analysis
A Factor Graph Model for Software Bug Finding.
factor graph model	software bug finding
Implementing feedback in creative systems: a workshop approach.
workshop approach	implementing feedback	creative systems
Thompson Sampling for Budgeted Multi-Armed Bandits.
budgeted multi-armed bandits	thompson sampling
Single-Image 3D Scene Parsing Using Geometric Commonsense.
single-image 3d scene parsing	geometric commonsense
IJCAI-09 Keynote and Invited Speakers.
invited speakers	ijcai-09 keynote
Towards Addressing the Winograd Schema Challenge - Building and Using a Semantic Parser and a Knowledge Hunting Module.
winograd schema challenge	knowledge hunting module	semantic parser
Explicit Versus Latent Concept Models for Cross-Language Information Retrieval.
explicit versus latent concept models	cross-language information retrieval
Improving Author Coreference by Resource-Bounded Information Gathering from the Web.
improving author coreference	resource-bounded information gathering
An Intelligent Broker Agent for Energy Trading: An MDP Approach.
intelligent broker agent	mdp approach	energy trading
Bounded-Monitor Placement in Normative Environments.
bounded-monitor placement	normative environments
Boosting Cross-Lingual Knowledge Linking via Concept Annotation.
boosting cross-lingual knowledge linking	concept annotation
Investigating the Relationship between Argumentation Semantics via Signatures.
argumentation semantics
Conference Organization.
conference organization
Online Group Feature Selection.
online group feature selection
Optimal Status Enforcement in Abstract Argumentation.
optimal status enforcement	abstract argumentation
Bounds for Learning from Evolutionary-Related Data in the Realizable Case.
realizable case	evolutionary-related data
Combining Learning and Word Sense Disambiguation for Intelligent User Profiling.
intelligent user profiling	word sense disambiguation	combining learning
Recursive Random Fields.
recursive random fields
User Modeling with Neural Network for Review Rating Prediction.
review rating prediction	user modeling	neural network
On the Progression of Knowledge in the Situation Calculus.
situation calculus
On Querying Incomplete Information in Databases under Bag Semantics.
querying incomplete information	bag semantics
Learning Conditional Preference Networks with Queries.
learning conditional preference networks
ROUTE: Robust Outlier Estimation for Low Rank Matrix Recovery.
low rank matrix recovery	robust outlier estimation
Privacy and Artificial Agents, or, Is Google Reading My Email?
google reading	artificial agents
Decompositions of All Different, Global Cardinality and Related Constraints.
related constraints	global cardinality
Reasoning about Probabilities in Unbounded First-Order Dynamical Domains.
unbounded first-order dynamical domains
Model-based Revision Operators for Terminologies in Description Logics.
model-based revision operators	description logics
Combining Eye Movements and EEG to Enhance Emotion Recognition.
combining eye movements	enhance emotion recognition
Efficient Algorithms for Spanning Tree Centrality.
spanning tree centrality	efficient algorithms
Towards Modeling Natural Language Inferences with Part-Whole Relations using Formal Ontology and Lexical Semantics.
modeling natural language inferences	lexical semantics	formal ontology
Compiling Bayesian Networks Using Variable Elimination.
compiling bayesian networks	variable elimination
Learning to Run Heuristics in Tree Search.
run heuristics	tree search
Aggregate Demand-Based Real-Time Pricing Mechanism for the Smart Grid: A Game-Theoretic Analysis.
aggregate demand-based real-time pricing mechanism	game-theoretic analysis	smart grid
Syntactic Labelled Tableaux for Lukasiewicz Fuzzy ALC.
syntactic labelled tableaux	lukasiewicz fuzzy alc
Decision-Theoretic Approximations for Machine Learning.
decision-theoretic approximations	machine learning
IJCAI Organization.
ijcai organization
Waiting and Relocation Strategies in Online Stochastic Vehicle Routing.
online stochastic vehicle routing	relocation strategies
Large Hinge Width on Sparse Random Hypergraphs.
large hinge width	sparse random hypergraphs
Integrated Anchor and Social Link Predictions across Social Networks.
social link predictions	social networks	integrated anchor
Heroic versus Collaborative AI for the Arts.
heroic versus collaborative ai
Feature Selection and Kernel Design via Linear Programming.
kernel design	feature selection	linear programming
Awards and Distinguished Papers.
distinguished papers
Understanding People Lifestyles: Construction of Urban Movement Knowledge Graph from GPS Trajectory.
urban movement knowledge graph	understanding people lifestyles	gps trajectory
Sense Induction in Folksnonomies.
sense induction
Machine-assisted Cyber Threat Analysis Using Conceptual Knowledge Discovery.
machine-assisted cyber threat analysis	conceptual knowledge discovery
A Framework for Longitudinal Influence Measurement between Communication Content and Social Networks.
longitudinal influence measurement	social networks	communication content
Count-Based Exploration in Feature Space for Reinforcement Learning.
feature space	reinforcement learning	count-based exploration
Progressive Comparison for Ranking Estimation.
progressive comparison	ranking estimation
Approximate Nash Equilibria with Near Optimal Social Welfare.
optimal social welfare	approximate nash equilibria
Comparing Strategic Secrecy and Stackelberg Commitment in Security Games.
comparing strategic secrecy	stackelberg commitment	security games
Inverse reinforcement learning for interactive systems.
inverse reinforcement learning	interactive systems
Convergence of Common Proximal Methods for L1-Regularized Least Squares.
common proximal methods
An Alternative Axiomatization of DEL and Its Applications.
alternative axiomatization
Impartial Peer Review.
impartial peer review
Normative Practical Reasoning via Argumentation and Dialogue.
normative practical reasoning
A Geometric View of Conjugate Priors.
conjugate priors	geometric view
Learning Latest Classifiers without Additional Labeled Data.
additional labeled data	learning latest classifiers
Opponent Modeling in Scrabble.
opponent modeling
Intuitionistic Layered Graph Logic.
intuitionistic layered graph logic
Planning with Partial Preference Models.
partial preference models
Recovery of Corrupted Multiple Kernels for Clustering.
corrupted multiple kernels
Instace-Based AMN Classification for Improved Object Recognition in 2D and 3D Laser Range Data.
3d laser range data	instace-based amn classification	improved object recognition
Numeric Planning via Search Space Abstraction.
search space abstraction	numeric planning
Behavioral Diagnosis of LTL Specifications at Operator Level.
ltl specifications	operator level	behavioral diagnosis
Interruptible Algorithms for Multi-Problem Solving.
interruptible algorithms	multi-problem solving
Fast Change Point Detection on Dynamic Social Networks.
fast change point detection	dynamic social networks
Improving Stochastic Block Models by Incorporating Power-Law Degree Characteristic.
incorporating power-law degree characteristic	improving stochastic block models
Intersecting Manifolds: Detection, Segmentation, and Labeling.
intersecting manifolds
A General Framework for Reasoning about Inconsistency.
general framework
Parameter-Free Auto-Weighted Multiple Graph Learning: A Framework for Multiview Clustering and Semi-Supervised Classification.
parameter-free auto-weighted multiple graph learning	semi-supervised classification	multiview clustering
Dynamic Logic for Data-aware Systems: Decidability Results.
dynamic logic	data-aware systems	decidability results
Expectation Failure as a Basis for Agent-Based Model Diagnosis and Mixed Initiative Model Adaptation during Anomalous Plan Execution.
mixed initiative model adaptation	agent-based model diagnosis	anomalous plan execution	expectation failure
Joint Capped Norms Minimization for Robust Matrix Recovery.
joint capped norms minimization	robust matrix recovery
Most Probable Explanations for Probabilistic Database Queries.
probabilistic database queries	probable explanations
Imitation Learning in Relational Domains: A Functional-Gradient Boosting Approach.
functional-gradient boosting approach	imitation learning	relational domains
Surprise as Shortcut for Anticipation: Clustering Mental States in Reasoning.
clustering mental states
Weakly-Supervised Deep Learning for Customer Review Sentiment Classification.
customer review sentiment classification	weakly-supervised deep learning
Reinforcement Learning for Turn-Taking Management in Incremental Spoken Dialogue Systems.
incremental spoken dialogue systems	reinforcement learning	turn-taking management
IJCAI 2013, Proceedings of the 23rd International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence, Beijing, China, August 3-9, 2013
23rd international joint conference	august 3-9	artificial intelligence
Defender (Mis)coordination in Security Games.
security games
A Tableaux-Based Method for Computing Least Common Subsumers for Expressive Description Logics.
expressive description logics	tableaux-based method	common subsumers
Manifold Alignment Preserving Global Geometry.
manifold alignment preserving global geometry
A Fast Analytical Algorithm for Solving Markov Decision Processes with Real-Valued Resources.
solving markov decision processes	fast analytical algorithm	real-valued resources
Ensembles of Partially Trained SVMs with Multiplicative Updates.
partially trained svms	multiplicative updates
An Admissible HTN Planning Heuristic.
admissible htn planning heuristic
The Complexity of MAP Inference in Bayesian Networks Specified Through Logical Languages.
bayesian networks	logical languages	map inference
Pairwise Decomposition for Combinatorial Optimization in Graphical Models.
combinatorial optimization	graphical models	pairwise decomposition
A Scalable Interdependent Multi-Issue Negotiation Protocol for Energy Exchange.
scalable interdependent multi-issue negotiation protocol	energy exchange
Search Techniques for Fourier-Based Learning.
search techniques	fourier-based learning
Description Logics over Lattices with Multi-Valued Ontologies.
description logics	multi-valued ontologies
SAT Is an Effective and Complete Method for Solving Stable Matching Problems with Couples.
solving stable matching problems	complete method
Feature Selection for Multi-Label Learning.
multi-label learning	feature selection
Incomplete Attribute Learning with auxiliary labels.
incomplete attribute learning	auxiliary labels
Information Gathering in Networks via Active Exploration.
information gathering	active exploration
Theoretically-Grounded Policy Advice from Multiple Teachers in Reinforcement Learning Settings with Applications to Negative Transfer.
theoretically-grounded policy advice	reinforcement learning settings	multiple teachers	negative transfer
Tight Bounds for HTN Planning with Task Insertion.
tight bounds	htn planning	task insertion
Multi-Modal Word Synset Induction.
multi-modal word synset induction
Matrix Factorization with Scale-Invariant Parameters.
matrix factorization	scale-invariant parameters
Learning Decision Rules from Data Streams.
learning decision rules	data streams
Towards Trust, Transparency and Liability in AI / AS systems.
ai /
Short Text Classification Improved by Learning Multi-Granularity Topics.
short text classification improved	learning multi-granularity topics
Conflict-Based Diagnosis: Adding Uncertainty to Model-based Diagnosis.
adding uncertainty	conflict-based diagnosis	model-based diagnosis
Multi-Agent Team Formation: Diversity Beats Strength?
multi-agent team formation	diversity beats strength
Basic Level in Formal Concept Analysis: Interesting Concepts and Psychological Ramifications.
formal concept analysis	basic level	interesting concepts	psychological ramifications
Latent Contextual Bandits and their Application to Personalized Recommendations for New Users.
latent contextual bandits	personalized recommendations
Combining Topological and Directional Information for Spatial Reasoning.
directional information	combining topological	spatial reasoning
Learning High-Order Task Relationships in Multi-Task Learning.
learning high-order task relationships	multi-task learning
Cluster-Based Selection of Statistical Answering Strategies.
statistical answering strategies	cluster-based selection
Unsupervised Learning on Neural Network Outputs: With Application in Zero-Shot Learning.
neural network outputs	zero-shot learning	unsupervised learning
Strategy-Proofness of Scoring Allocation Correspondences for Indivisible Goods.
scoring allocation correspondences	indivisible goods
Kernel Matrix Evaluation.
kernel matrix evaluation
An Interaction-Oriented Model for Multi-Scale Simulation.
interaction-oriented model	multi-scale simulation
Automatically Selecting Answer Templates to Respond to Customer Emails.
automatically selecting answer templates	customer emails
Exponential Family Sparse Coding with Application to Self-taught Learning.
exponential family sparse coding	self-taught learning
Solving M-Modes Using Heuristic Search.
heuristic search	solving m-modes
IJCAI Organization.
ijcai organization
Abnormal Activity Recognition Based on HDP-HMM Models.
abnormal activity recognition based	hdp-hmm models
Tight Policy Regret Bounds for Improving and Decaying Bandits.
tight policy regret bounds	decaying bandits
VRCA: A Clustering Algorithm for Massive Amount of Texts.
clustering algorithm	massive amount
Human-Agent Auction Interactions: Adaptive-Aggressive Agents Dominate.
adaptive-aggressive agents dominate	human-agent auction interactions
General Statistical Approaches to Procedural Map Generation.
general statistical approaches	procedural map generation
Tractable Inquiry in Information-Rich Environments.
tractable inquiry	information-rich environments
An Extension to Conformant Planning Using Logic Programming.
logic programming	conformant planning
Combining Speech and Sketch to Interpret Unconstrained Descriptions of Mechanical Devices.
interpret unconstrained descriptions	combining speech	mechanical devices
A Social Welfare Optimal Sequential Allocation Procedure.
social welfare optimal sequential allocation procedure
Real-life activity recognition: recognizing reading activities.
real-life activity recognition	recognizing reading activities
Maintaining Communication in Multi-Robot Tree Coverage.
multi-robot tree coverage	maintaining communication
A Strongly-Local Contextual Logic.
strongly-local contextual logic
Evaluating Indirect Strategies for Chinese - Spanish Statistical Machine Translation: Extended Abstract.
spanish statistical machine translation	evaluating indirect strategies	extended abstract
On the Decidability of HTN Planning with Task Insertion.
htn planning	task insertion
Locality Preserving Matching.
locality preserving matching
Multi-Winner Elections: Complexity of Manipulation, Control and Winner-Determination.
multi-winner elections
Maintaining Alternative Values in Constraint-Based Configuration.
maintaining alternative values	constraint-based configuration
On the Impact of Belief State Representation in Planning under Uncertainty.
belief state representation
Towards Con-Resistant Trust Models for Distributed Agent Systems.
con-resistant trust models	distributed agent systems
Diagnosability Testing with Satisfiability Algorithms.
satisfiability algorithms	diagnosability testing
Discriminative Learning of Beam-Search Heuristics for Planning.
discriminative learning	beam-search heuristics
Using Message-Passing DCOP Algorithms to Solve Energy-Efficient Smart Environment Configuration Problems.
solve energy-efficient smart environment configuration problems	message-passing dcop algorithms
Grammar Induction as Automated Transformation between Constraint Solving Models of Language.
constraint solving models	automated transformation	grammar induction
An Analysis of the Use of Tags in a Blog Recommender System.
blog recommender system
SL - FII: Syntactic and Lexical Constraints with Frequency based Iterative Improvement for Disease Mention Recognition in News Headlines.
frequency based iterative improvement	disease mention recognition	lexical constraints	news headlines
Document Summarization Using Conditional Random Fields.
conditional random fields	document summarization
Towards Spatial Methods for Socially Assistive Robotics: Validation with Children with Autism Spectrum Disorders.
autism spectrum disorders	socially assistive robotics	spatial methods
Dialectical Abstract Argumentation: A Characterization of the Marking Criterion.
dialectical abstract argumentation	marking criterion
Offline Sketch Parsing via Shapeness Estimation.
offline sketch parsing	shapeness estimation
Lossy Compression of Pattern Databases Using Acyclic Random Hypergraphs.
acyclic random hypergraphs	lossy compression	pattern databases
Efficient Latent Structural Perceptron with Hybrid Trees for Semantic Parsing.
efficient latent structural perceptron	hybrid trees	semantic parsing
AAAI Organization.
aaai organization
Trust-Guided Behavior Adaptation Using Case-Based Reasoning.
trust-guided behavior adaptation	case-based reasoning
A Unified Framework for Discrete Spectral Clustering.
discrete spectral clustering	unified framework
Hierarchical Finite State Controllers for Generalized Planning.
hierarchical finite state controllers	generalized planning
Persistent Homology: An Introduction and a New Text Representation for Natural Language Processing.
natural language processing	persistent homology	text representation
Building Joint Spaces for Relation Extraction.
building joint spaces	relation extraction
Log-Linear Description Logics.
log-linear description logics
Matching and Grokking: Approaches to Personalized Crowdsourcing.
personalized crowdsourcing
Optimizing Locally Linear Classifiers with Supervised Anchor Point Learning.
supervised anchor point learning	optimizing locally linear classifiers
Unsupervised Learning of Deep Feature Representation for Clustering Egocentric Actions.
deep feature representation	clustering egocentric actions	unsupervised learning
A Unifying Framework for Probabilistic Belief Revision.
probabilistic belief revision	unifying framework
Trust Modeling for Opinion Evaluation by Coping with Subjectivity and Dishonesty.
trust modeling	opinion evaluation
Point-Based Value Iteration for Constrained POMDPs.
constrained pomdps
Learning Co-Substructures by Kernel Dependence Maximization.
kernel dependence maximization	learning co-substructures
Partial Grounded Fixpoints.
partial grounded fixpoints
Adversarial AI.
adversarial ai
Towards a Theory of Diagnosis of Faulty Ontologies.
faulty ontologies
Complexity-Sensitive Decision Procedures for Abstract Argumentation (Extended Abstract).
complexity-sensitive decision procedures	extended abstract	abstract argumentation
Denoising and Completion of 3D Data via Multidimensional Dictionary Learning.
multidimensional dictionary learning	3d data
Locating Complex Named Entities in Web Text.
locating complex named entities	web text
Coordinating Human-UAV Teams in Disaster Response.
coordinating human-uav teams	disaster response
Projective Low-rank Subspace Clustering via Learning Deep Encoder.
projective low-rank subspace clustering	learning deep encoder
From Weighted to Unweighted Model Counting.
unweighted model counting
Securing and scaling cryptocurrencies.
scaling cryptocurrencies
Modelling the Working Week for Multi-Step Forecasting using Gaussian Process Regression.
gaussian process regression	multi-step forecasting	working week
Learning Inter-Related Statistical Query Translation Models for English-Chinese Bi-Directional CLIR.
learning inter-related statistical query translation models	english-chinese bi-directional clir
Interactive Teaching Strategies for Agent Training.
interactive teaching strategies	agent training
Instability Prediction in Power Systems using Recurrent Neural Networks.
recurrent neural networks	instability prediction	power systems
Biclustering-Driven Ensemble of Bayesian Belief Network Classifiers for Underdetermined Problems.
bayesian belief network classifiers	biclustering-driven ensemble	underdetermined problems
Fast Approximate Nearest-Neighbor Search with k-Nearest Neighbor Graph.
fast approximate nearest-neighbor search	k-nearest neighbor graph
485 - A New Upper Bound for Morpion Solitaire.
morpion solitaire	upper bound
Continuously Relaxing Over-Constrained Conditional Temporal Problems through Generalized Conflict Learning and Resolution.
continuously relaxing over-constrained conditional temporal problems	generalized conflict learning
On the Kernelization of Global Constraints.
global constraints
Ceteris Paribus Preference Elicitation with Predictive Guarantees.
ceteris paribus preference elicitation	predictive guarantees
An Analysis of Multiobjective Search Algorithms and Heuristics.
multiobjective search algorithms
Projection Free Rank-Drop Steps.
projection free rank-drop steps
Group Decision Making via Weighted Propositional Logic: Complexity and Islands of Tractability.
group decision making	weighted propositional logic
Query Answering with Transitive and Linear-Ordered Data.
query answering	linear-ordered data
Supremal Realizability of Behaviors with Uncontrollable Exogenous Events.
uncontrollable exogenous events	supremal realizability
Player Movement Models for Video Game Level Generation.
video game level generation	player movement models
Distance Constraints in Constraint Satisfaction.
constraint satisfaction	distance constraints
Towards "On the Go" Matching of Linked Open Data Ontologies.
linked open data ontologies
Open-World Probabilistic Databases: An Abridged Report.
open-world probabilistic databases	abridged report
Control of Fair Division.
fair division
Verifying Pushdown Multi-Agent Systems against Strategy Logics.
verifying pushdown multi-agent systems	strategy logics
Instance Selection and Instance Weighting for Cross-Domain Sentiment Classification via PU Learning.
cross-domain sentiment classification	instance selection	pu learning	instance weighting
Incremental Heuristic Search for Planning with Temporally Extended Goals and Uncontrollable Events.
incremental heuristic search	temporally extended goals	uncontrollable events
Demand-driven power saving by multiagent negotiation for HVAC control.
demand-driven power saving	hvac control	multiagent negotiation
Methodology for Designing Reasonably Expressive Mechanisms with Application to Ad Auctions.
ad auctions	expressive mechanisms
Doubly Sparsifying Network.
doubly sparsifying network
Learning Probabilistic Models for Mobile Manipulation Robots.
learning probabilistic models	mobile manipulation robots
Action2Activity: Recognizing Complex Activities from Sensor Data.
recognizing complex activities	sensor data
DeepTransport: Prediction and Simulation of Human Mobility and Transportation Mode at a Citywide Level.
human mobility	transportation mode	citywide level
Automated Planning for Urban Traffic Management.
urban traffic management	automated planning
Proceedings of the Twenty-Sixth International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence, IJCAI 2017, Melbourne, Australia, August 19-25, 2017
twenty-sixth international joint conference	august 19-25	artificial intelligence
Agile Planning for Real-World Disaster Response.
real-world disaster response	agile planning
Optimal Valve Placement in Water Distribution Networks with CLP(FD).
water distribution networks	optimal valve placement
Learning Probabilistic Hierarchical Task Networks to Capture User Preferences.
learning probabilistic hierarchical task networks	capture user preferences
Towards Effective Prioritizing Water Pipe Replacement and Rehabilitation.
effective prioritizing water pipe replacement
Intention-Aware Routing to Minimise Delays at Electric Vehicle Charging Stations.
electric vehicle charging stations	minimise delays	intention-aware routing
A Tool for Generating Interactive Euler Diagrams.
generating interactive euler diagrams
Elicitation and Approximately Stable Matching with Partial Preferences.
approximately stable matching	partial preferences
Optimal Interdiction of Illegal Network Flow.
illegal network flow	optimal interdiction
Integrating Importance, Non-Redundancy and Coherence in Graph-Based Extractive Summarization.
graph-based extractive summarization	integrating importance
Input Parameter Calibration in Forest Fire Spread Prediction: Taking the Intelligent Way.
forest fire spread prediction	input parameter calibration
A Joint Model of Intent Determination and Slot Filling for Spoken Language Understanding.
spoken language understanding	joint model	slot filling	intent determination
Tracking the Evolution of Customer Purchase Behavior Segmentation via a Fragmentation-Coagulation Process.
customer purchase behavior segmentation	fragmentation-coagulation process
Domain Adaptation with Topical Correspondence Learning.
topical correspondence learning	domain adaptation
Communicating Effectively in Resource-Constrained Multi-Agent Systems.
resource-constrained multi-agent systems	communicating effectively
The Value of Observation for Monitoring Dynamic Systems.
monitoring dynamic systems
Experiments with Massively Parallel Constraint Solving.
massively parallel constraint solving
Incremental Phi*: Incremental Any-Angle Path Planning on Grids.
incremental any-angle path planning	incremental phi*
The comic strip game: observing the impact of implicit feedback in the content creation process.
content creation process	comic strip game	implicit feedback
Run-Time Improvement of Point-Based POMDP Policies.
point-based pomdp policies	run-time improvement
The Effect of Restarts on the Efficiency of Clause Learning.
clause learning
Semantic Visualization for Short Texts with Word Embeddings.
word embeddings	short texts	semantic visualization
Learning to Identify Review Spam.
identify review spam
Visual Task Inference Using Hidden Markov Models.
hidden markov models	visual task inference
Emergency Evacuation Simulator (EES) - a Tool for Planning Community Evacuations in Australia.
emergency evacuation simulator	planning community evacuations
Introspective Forecasting.
introspective forecasting
Natural Supervised Hashing.
natural supervised hashing
Semi-Data-Driven Network Coarsening.
semi-data-driven network coarsening
Extending Decidable Existential Rules by Joining Acyclicity and Guardedness.
extending decidable existential rules	joining acyclicity
Ranking Preserving Hashing for Fast Similarity Search.
ranking preserving hashing	fast similarity search
Feature Selection from Microarray Data via an Ordered Search with Projected Margin.
projected margin	feature selection	microarray data	ordered search
Generating Tests for Robotized Painting Using Constraint Programming.
robotized painting	constraint programming	generating tests
Query Rewriting for Existential Rules with Compiled Preorder.
query rewriting	existential rules	compiled preorder
Modeling Physicians' Utterances to Explore Diagnostic Decision-making.
explore diagnostic decision-making	modeling physicians
An Active Classification System for Context Representation and Acquisition.
active classification system	context representation
A Boosting Algorithm for Item Recommendation with Implicit Feedback.
item recommendation	boosting algorithm	implicit feedback
Object Recognition with and without Objects.
object recognition
On Neighborhood Singleton Consistencies.
neighborhood singleton consistencies
On the Complexity of Global Scheduling Constraints under Structural Restrictions.
global scheduling constraints	structural restrictions
Image Modeling Using Tree Structured Conditional Random Fields.
tree structured conditional random fields	image modeling
Run to the Hills! Ubiquitous Computing Meltdown.
ubiquitous computing meltdown
Influence Maximization Based on the Least Influential Spreaders.
influence maximization based	influential spreaders
Inferring Motif-Based Diffusion Models for Social Networks.
inferring motif-based diffusion models	social networks
Computing Social Behaviours Using Agent Models.
computing social behaviours	agent models
Towards an Ontological Analysis of Powertypes.
ontological analysis
Boosting Constrained Mutual Subspace Method for Robust Image-Set Based Object Recognition.
boosting constrained mutual subspace method	robust image-set based object recognition
Answer Update for Rule-Based Stream Reasoning.
rule-based stream reasoning	answer update
Inference with Multinomial Data: Why to Weaken the Prior Strength.
multinomial data	prior strength
Convergence to Equilibria in Strategic Candidacy.
strategic candidacy
Monte Carlo *-Minimax Search.
monte carlo *-minimax search
Conflict-driven ASP Solving with External Sources and Program Splits.
conflict-driven asp solving	program splits	external sources
Aggregating Crowd Wisdoms with Label-aware Autoencoders.
aggregating crowd wisdoms	label-aware autoencoders
Efficient Kernel Learning from Side Information Using ADMM.
efficient kernel learning	side information
Next Steps in Propositional Horn Contraction.
propositional horn contraction
Topic Extraction from Online Reviews for Classification and Recommendation.
topic extraction	online reviews
Semi-Supervised Deep Hashing with a Bipartite Graph.
semi-supervised deep hashing	bipartite graph
A Logic for Causal Inference in Time Series with Discrete and Continuous Variables.
continuous variables	time series	causal inference
Object Detection Meets Knowledge Graphs.
object detection meets knowledge graphs
Domain Adaptation via Transfer Component Analysis.
transfer component analysis	domain adaptation
Supervised Deep Features for Software Functional Clone Detection by Exploiting Lexical and Syntactical Information in Source Code.
software functional clone detection	supervised deep features	syntactical information	exploiting lexical	source code
Interactive Planning-Based Hypothesis Generation with LTS++.
interactive planning-based hypothesis generation
Belief Update for Proper Epistemic Knowledge Bases.
proper epistemic knowledge bases	belief update
Knowledge-Based Sequence Mining with ASP.
knowledge-based sequence mining
Parameter Learning for Latent Network Diffusion.
latent network diffusion	parameter learning
Generalized First Order Decision Diagrams for First Order Markov Decision Processes.
order markov decision processes	order decision diagrams
Scene Text Detection in Video by Learning Locally and Globally.
scene text detection	learning locally
Multilingual Knowledge Graph Embeddings for Cross-lingual Knowledge Alignment.
multilingual knowledge graph embeddings	cross-lingual knowledge alignment
Bayesian Probabilistic Multi-Topic Matrix Factorization for Rating Prediction.
bayesian probabilistic multi-topic matrix factorization	rating prediction
Deterministic, Strategyproof, and Fair Cake Cutting.
fair cake cutting
Scalable Greedy Algorithms for Task/Resource Constrained Multi-Agent Stochastic Planning.
task/resource constrained multi-agent stochastic planning	scalable greedy algorithms
Modeling Multivariate Spatio-Temporal Remote Sensing Data with Large Gaps.
modeling multivariate spatio-temporal remote sensing data	large gaps
Limbo: A Reasoning System for Limited Belief.
limited belief	reasoning system
Cost-Optimal and Net-Benefit Planning - A Parameterised Complexity View.
parameterised complexity view	net-benefit planning
Domain Model Acquisition in the Presence of Static Relations in the LOP System.
domain model acquisition	static relations	lop system
Symmetric Splitting in the General Theory of Stable Models.
stable models	general theory	symmetric splitting
Short and Sparse Text Topic Modeling via Self-Aggregation.
sparse text topic modeling
Linking Heterogeneous Input Features with Pivots for Domain Adaptation.
linking heterogeneous input features	domain adaptation
Query-Driven Discovery of Anomalous Subgraphs in Attributed Graphs.
attributed graphs	query-driven discovery	anomalous subgraphs
A Cutoff Technique for the Verification of Parameterised Interpreted Systems with Parameterised Environments.
parameterised interpreted systems	parameterised environments	cutoff technique
Harmonious Hashing.
harmonious hashing
Detecting Stochastically Scheduled Activities in Video.
detecting stochastically scheduled activities
Landmarks for Numeric Planning Problems.
numeric planning problems
Managing Qualitative Preferences and Constraints in a Dynamic Environment.
managing qualitative preferences	dynamic environment
Probabilistic Reasoning with Undefined Properties in Ontologically-Based Belief Networks.
ontologically-based belief networks	probabilistic reasoning	undefined properties
Robust Iterative Quantization for Efficient ℓp-norm Similarity Search.
efficient ℓp-norm similarity search	robust iterative quantization
Action Translation in Extensive-Form Games with Large Action Spaces: Axioms, Paradoxes, and the Pseudo-Harmonic Mapping.
large action spaces	action translation	extensive-form games	pseudo-harmonic mapping
Semi-Orthogonal Multilinear PCA with Relaxed Start.
semi-orthogonal multilinear pca	relaxed start
Relevance for SAT(ID).
relevance
Prime Compilation of Non-Clausal Formulae.
prime compilation	non-clausal formulae
On Recommending Urban Hotspots to Find Our Next Passenger.
recommending urban hotspots
Temporal Defeasible Argumentation in Multi-Agent Planning.
temporal defeasible argumentation	multi-agent planning
The Increasing Cost Tree Search for Optimal Multi-Agent Pathfinding.
increasing cost tree search	optimal multi-agent pathfinding
Optimal Planning with Axioms.
optimal planning
Detecting Changes in Unlabeled Data Streams Using Martingale.
unlabeled data streams
Type-2 Fuzzy Uncertainty in Goal Programming.
type-2 fuzzy uncertainty	goal programming
Representation and Reasoning about General Solid Rectangles.
general solid rectangles
Simulating the Emergence of Grammatical Agreement in Multi-Agent Language Games.
multi-agent language games	grammatical agreement
Heterogeneous Domain Adaptation Using Manifold Alignment.
heterogeneous domain adaptation	manifold alignment
RULIE: Rule Unification for Learning Information Extraction.
learning information extraction	rule unification
Equal Access to Online Legal Information through Democratisation of Technology: A Myth?
online legal information	equal access
Foundations of Declarative Data Analysis Using Limit Datalog Programs.
limit datalog programs	declarative data analysis
Improving the Effectiveness of SAT-Based Preprocessing for MaxSAT.
sat-based preprocessing
Efficient Extraction and Representation of Spatial Information from Video Data.
efficient extraction	video data	spatial information
A Computational Model for the Alignment of Hierarchical Scene Representations in Human-Robot Interaction.
hierarchical scene representations	human-robot interaction	computational model
Secure Routing in Wireless Sensor Networks via POMDPs.
wireless sensor networks	secure routing
Proceedings of the Twenty-Fourth International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence, IJCAI 2015, Buenos Aires, Argentina, July 25-31, 2015
twenty-fourth international joint conference	buenos aires	july 25-31	artificial intelligence
Stochastic and-or Grammars: A Unified Framework and Logic Perspective.
logic perspective	stochastic and-	unified framework
Opinion Target Extraction Using Partially-Supervised Word Alignment Model.
partially-supervised word alignment model	opinion target extraction
Manipulating Gale-Shapley Algorithm: Preserving Stability and Remaining Inconspicuous.
manipulating gale-shapley algorithm	preserving stability	remaining inconspicuous
Automating Quantified Conditional Logics in HOL.
automating quantified conditional logics
Weakening Covert Networks by Minimizing Inverse Geodesic Length.
minimizing inverse geodesic length	weakening covert networks
Sequential Prediction of Social Media Popularity with Deep Temporal Context Networks.
deep temporal context networks	social media popularity	sequential prediction
Online Fair Division: Analysing a Food Bank Problem.
food bank problem	online fair division
Efficient k-Support-Norm Regularized Minimization via Fully Corrective Frank-Wolfe Method.
fully corrective frank-wolfe method	efficient k-support-norm regularized minimization
Reasoning with Lines in the Euclidean Space.
euclidean space
Person Re-Identification by Deep Joint Learning of Multi-Loss Classification.
deep joint learning	multi-loss classification	person re-identification
Multi-Select Faceted Navigation Based on Minimum Description Length Principle.
multi-select faceted navigation based	minimum description length principle
Iterative Committee Elections for Collective Decision-Making in a Ride-Sharing Application.
iterative committee elections	ride-sharing application	collective decision-making
First-Order Modular Logic Programs and their Conservative Extensions (Extended Abstract).
first-order modular logic programs	conservative extensions	extended abstract
Diagnosers and Diagnosability of Succinct Transition Systems.
succinct transition systems
Improved Neural Machine Translation with Source Syntax.
improved neural machine translation	source syntax
Cost-Effective Active Learning from Diverse Labelers.
cost-effective active learning	diverse labelers
Learning to Identify Unexpected Instances in the Test Set.
identify unexpected instances	test set
Improving Function Word Alignment with Frequency and Syntactic Information.
improving function word alignment	syntactic information
Revising by an Inconsistent Set of Formulas.
inconsistent set
Grounding Abstract Spatial Concepts for Language Interaction with Robots.
grounding abstract spatial concepts	language interaction
Clustering-Based Joint Feature Selection for Semantic Attribute Prediction.
clustering-based joint feature selection	semantic attribute prediction
Verification of Knowledge-Based Programs over Description Logic Actions.
description logic actions	knowledge-based programs
Face Recognition via the Overlapping Energy Histogram.
overlapping energy histogram	face recognition
DeepFM: A Factorization-Machine based Neural Network for CTR Prediction.
factorization-machine based neural network	ctr prediction
Unleashing the Power of Multi-Agent Voting Teams.
multi-agent voting teams
Parse Tree Fragmentation of Ungrammatical Sentences.
parse tree fragmentation	ungrammatical sentences
Competence Guided Model for Casebase Maintenance.
competence guided model	casebase maintenance
Conflicting Tendencies in Pedestrian Wayfinding Decisions: a Multi-Agent Model Encompassing Proxemics and Imitation.
multi-agent model encompassing proxemics	pedestrian wayfinding decisions	conflicting tendencies
Repairing Incorrect Knowledge with Model Formulation and Metareasoning.
repairing incorrect knowledge	model formulation
CLiMF: Collaborative Less-Is-More Filtering.
collaborative less-is-
Optimal Symbolic Planning with Action Costs and Preferences.
optimal symbolic planning	action costs
Correlated Voting.
correlated voting
Mining Twitter for an Explanatory Model of Social Influence.
social influence	explanatory model	mining twitter
Inverted Bilingual Topic Models for Lexicon Extraction from Non-parallel Data.
inverted bilingual topic models	non-parallel data	lexicon extraction
A Study of Residual Supports in Arc Consistency.
arc consistency	residual supports
Bayesian Active Learning for Posterior Estimation - IJCAI-15 Distinguished Paper.
bayesian active learning	ijcai-15 distinguished paper	posterior estimation
Fair Division of a Graph.
fair division
Schema.org as a Description Logic.
description logic
Predicting and Preventing Coordination Problems in Cooperative Q-learning Systems.
preventing coordination problems	cooperative q-learning systems
Non-Deterministic Planning with Temporally Extended Goals: Completing the Story for Finite and Infinite LTL (Amended Version).
temporally extended goals	infinite ltl	non-deterministic planning	amended version
Word Embedding Revisited: A New Representation Learning and Explicit Matrix Factorization Perspective.
explicit matrix factorization perspective	word embedding revisited	representation learning
Nonlinear Hybrid Planning with Deep Net Learned Transition Models and Mixed-Integer Linear Programming.
deep net learned transition models	mixed-integer linear programming	nonlinear hybrid planning
On Computing World Views of Epistemic Logic Programs.
computing world views	epistemic logic programs
Taking Up the Gaokao Challenge: An Information Retrieval Approach.
information retrieval approach	gaokao challenge
Why Is It So Hard to Say Sorry? Evolution of Apology with Commitments in the iterated Prisoner's Dilemma.
iterated prisoner
Policy Search in Reproducing Kernel Hilbert Space.
reproducing kernel hilbert space	policy search
A Rational Extension of Stable Model Semantics to the Full Propositional Language.
full propositional language	stable model semantics	rational extension
Vote and Aggregation in Combinatorial Domains with Structured Preferences.
combinatorial domains	structured preferences
Automatic Name-Face Alignment to Enable Cross-Media News Retrieval.
enable cross-media news retrieval	automatic name-face alignment
Characterization of Scoring Rules with Distances: Application to the Clustering of Rankings.
scoring rules
FCA and pattern structures for mining care trajectories.
mining care trajectories	pattern structures
Multi-Modal Distance Metric Learning.
multi-modal distance metric learning
Autonomous Task Sequencing for Customized Curriculum Design in Reinforcement Learning.
autonomous task sequencing	customized curriculum design	reinforcement learning
Modeling Lexical Cohesion for Document-Level Machine Translation.
document-level machine translation	modeling lexical cohesion
Towards Domain-Specific Semantic Relatedness: A Case Study from Geography.
domain-specific semantic relatedness	case study
Sample Efficient On-Line Learning of Optimal Dialogue Policies with Kalman Temporal Differences.
sample efficient on-line learning	kalman temporal differences	optimal dialogue policies
Decomposition of Declarative Knowledge Bases with External Functions.
declarative knowledge bases	external functions
Towards Understanding Global Spread of Disease from Everyday Interpersonal Interactions.
everyday interpersonal interactions	understanding global spread
Aligning Users across Social Networks Using Network Embedding.
aligning users	network embedding	social networks
Automatic Extraction of References to Future Events from News Articles Using Semantic and Morphological Information.
morphological information	news articles	future events	automatic extraction
Prioritized Base Debugging in Description Logics.
prioritized base debugging	description logics
Collaborative Inductive Logic Programming for Path Planning.
collaborative inductive logic programming	path planning
Scalable Graph Hashing with Feature Transformation.
scalable graph hashing	feature transformation
Learning Canonical Correlations of Paired Tensor Sets Via Tensor-to-Vector Projection.
learning canonical correlations	paired tensor sets	tensor-to-vector projection
Employing External Rich Knowledge for Machine Comprehension.
employing external rich knowledge	machine comprehension
Joint Learning of Character and Word Embeddings.
joint learning	word embeddings
When Conditional Logic and Belief Revision Meet Substructural Logics.
belief revision meet substructural logics	conditional logic
Deep Convolutional Neural Networks on Multichannel Time Series for Human Activity Recognition.
deep convolutional neural networks	multichannel time series	human activity recognition
Nonparametric Online Machine Learning with Kernels.
nonparametric online machine learning
Approximate Algorithms for Stochastic Network Design.
stochastic network design	approximate algorithms
Integrating Learning into a BDI Agent for Environments with Changing Dynamics.
changing dynamics	bdi agent	integrating learning
Efficiently Enforcing Path Consistency on Qualitative Constraint Networks by Use of Abstraction.
efficiently enforcing path consistency	qualitative constraint networks
Influential Analysis in Micro Scholar Social Networks.
micro scholar social networks	influential analysis
Multilateral Negotiation in Boolean Games with Incomplete Information Using Generalized Possibilistic Logic.
generalized possibilistic logic	boolean games	incomplete information	multilateral negotiation
Diverse Image Captioning via GroupTalk.
diverse image captioning
Probabilistic Satisfiability: Logic-Based Algorithms and Phase Transition.
probabilistic satisfiability	logic-based algorithms	phase transition
Semantic Precision and Recall for Ontology Alignment Evaluation.
ontology alignment evaluation	semantic precision
Fast Planning with Iterative Macros.
iterative macros	fast planning
The CQC Algorithm: Cycling in Graphs to Semantically Enrich and Enhance a Bilingual Dictionary: Extended abstract.
extended abstract	cqc algorithm	bilingual dictionary	semantically enrich
Matching Large Ontologies Based on Reduction Anchors.
matching large ontologies based	reduction anchors
Computing Bayes-Nash Equilibria in Combinatorial Auctions with Continuous Value and Action Spaces.
computing bayes-nash equilibria	combinatorial auctions	action spaces
Augmented Experiment: Participatory Design with Multiagent Simulation.
multiagent simulation	participatory design	augmented experiment
Extracting and Visualizing Trust Relationships from Online Auction Feedback Comments.
online auction feedback comments	visualizing trust relationships
Interval-Based Possibilistic Logic.
interval-based possibilistic logic
Network Representation Learning with Rich Text Information.
rich text information	network representation learning
Mechanisms for Online Organ Matching.
online organ matching
Efficient Calculation of Personalized Document Rankings.
personalized document rankings	efficient calculation
Which is the Fairest (Rent Division) of Them All? [Extended Abstract].
rent division	[extended abstract]
Cross-Domain Collaborative Filtering over Time.
cross-domain collaborative filtering
Decidability of Model Checking Non-Uniform Artifact-Centric Quantified Interpreted Systems.
model checking non-uniform artifact-centric quantified interpreted systems
Self-Paced Multitask Learning with Shared Knowledge.
self-paced multitask learning	shared knowledge
Bernoulli Random Forests: Closing the Gap between Theoretical Consistency and Empirical Soundness.
bernoulli random forests	theoretical consistency	empirical soundness
Multimodal Sentiment Analysis of Telugu Songs.
multimodal sentiment analysis	telugu songs
Online Roommate Allocation Problem.
online roommate allocation problem
Parameter Identification in a Class of Linear Structural Equation Models.
linear structural equation models	parameter identification
Joint Image Emotion Classification and Distribution Learning via Deep Convolutional Neural Network.
joint image emotion classification	deep convolutional neural network	distribution learning
Forward Search Value Iteration for POMDPs.
forward search
Incorporating External Knowledge into Crowd Intelligence for More Specific Knowledge Acquisition.
incorporating external knowledge	specific knowledge acquisition	crowd intelligence
Multi-View Embedding Learning for Incompletely Labeled Data.
incompletely labeled data	multi-view embedding learning
Misrepresentation in District Voting.
district voting
Improving Model Counting by Leveraging Definability.
improving model counting	leveraging definability
Audit Games.
audit games
Combining the k-CNF and XOR Phase-Transitions.
xor phase-transitions
Parametric Properties of Ideal Semantics.
ideal semantics	parametric properties
Workshop on Discovering Meaning On the Go in Large Heterogeneous Data 2011 (LHD-11), Barcelona, Spain, July 16, 2011
large heterogeneous data 2011	discovering meaning
Social Collaborative Filtering by Trust.
social collaborative filtering
Improved Solvers for Bounded-Suboptimal Multi-Agent Path Finding.
bounded-suboptimal multi-agent path finding	improved solvers
Measuring the Good and the Bad in Inconsistent Information.
inconsistent information
A Characterisation of Strategy-Proofness for Grounded Argumentation Semantics.
grounded argumentation semantics
Balance between Complexity and Quality: Local Search for Minimum Vertex Cover in Massive Graphs.
minimum vertex cover	local search	massive graphs
Automated Design of Multistage Mechanisms.
automated design	multistage mechanisms
An Algebra of Granular Temporal Relations for Qualitative Reasoning.
granular temporal relations	qualitative reasoning
SATenstein: Automatically Building Local Search SAT Solvers from Components.
automatically building local search sat solvers
Convolutional Neural Networks for Text Hashing.
convolutional neural networks	text hashing
Regularized Latent Least Square Regression for Cross Pose Face Recognition.
cross pose face recognition	square regression	regularized latent
Committee Scoring Rules: A Call to Arms.
committee scoring rules
Conflict Management for Constraint-based Recommendation.
conflict management	constraint-based recommendation
Efficient Failure Detection on Mobile Robots Using Particle Filters with Gaussian Process Proposals.
efficient failure detection	gaussian process proposals	particle filters	mobile robots
A Structural Approach to Reasoning with Quantified Boolean Formulas.
quantified boolean formulas	structural approach
Contest Design with Uncertain Performance and Costly Participation.
costly participation	uncertain performance	contest design
Recommender Systems, Missing Data and Statistical Model Estimation.
statistical model estimation	missing data	recommender systems
Jointly Learning Data-Dependent Label and Locality-Preserving Projections.
jointly learning data-dependent label	locality-preserving projections
Stick-Breaking Policy Learning in Dec-POMDPs.
stick-breaking policy learning
Sound, Complete, and Minimal Query Rewriting for Existential Rules.
minimal query rewriting	existential rules
On the Computational Complexity of Gossip Protocols.
gossip protocols	computational complexity
Multi-instance multi-label active learning.
multi-instance multi-label active learning
Three Generalizations of the FOCUS Constraint.
focus constraint
DeepSchema: Automatic Schema Acquisition from Wearable Sensor Data in Restaurant Situations.
automatic schema acquisition	wearable sensor data	restaurant situations
Explicit Knowledge-based Reasoning for Visual Question Answering.
explicit knowledge-based reasoning	visual question answering
Adaptive Hypergraph Learning for Unsupervised Feature Selection.
unsupervised feature selection	adaptive hypergraph learning
Item Recommendation for Emerging Online Businesses.
emerging online businesses	item recommendation
An Efficient Framework for Constructing Generalized Locally-Induced Text Metrics.
constructing generalized locally-induced text metrics	efficient framework
Embedding System Dynamics in Agent Based Models for Complex Adaptive Systems.
complex adaptive systems	embedding system dynamics	agent based models
Spectrum-Based Fault Localisation for Multi-Agent Systems.
spectrum-based fault localisation	multi-agent systems
Factorized Asymptotic Bayesian Policy Search for POMDPs.
factorized asymptotic bayesian policy search
An On-Line Algorithm for Semantic Forgetting.
semantic forgetting	on-line algorithm
Bayesian Aggregation of Categorical Distributions with Applications in Crowdsourcing.
bayesian aggregation	categorical distributions
Information-Theoretic Approaches to Branching in Search.
information-theoretic approaches
Committee Scoring Rules: Axiomatic Classification and Hierarchy.
committee scoring rules	axiomatic classification
Evaluating a Decision-Theoretic Approach to Tailored Example Selection.
decision-theoretic approach
Self-Paced Boost Learning for Classification.
self-paced boost learning
Decision Generalisation from Game Logs in No Limit Texas Hold'em.
limit texas hold	decision generalisation	game logs
Coherent Predictive Inference under Exchangeability with Imprecise Probabilities (Extended Abstract).
coherent predictive inference	extended abstract	imprecise probabilities
Hamming Compatible Quantization for Hashing.
hamming compatible quantization
From Neural Sentence Summarization to Headline Generation: A Coarse-to-Fine Approach.
neural sentence summarization	headline generation	coarse-to-fine approach
On the Impact of Modal Depth in Epistemic Planning.
epistemic planning	modal depth
A Bilingual Graph-Based Semantic Model for Statistical Machine Translation.
bilingual graph-based semantic model	statistical machine translation
What Can You Do with a Rock? Affordance Extraction via Word Embeddings.
word embeddings	affordance extraction
Sample Efficient Policy Search for Optimal Stopping Domains.
sample efficient policy search	optimal stopping domains
Cicerone: Design of a Real-Time Area Knowledge-Enhanced Venue Recommender.
real-time area knowledge-enhanced venue recommender
GBPR: Group Preference Based Bayesian Personalized Ranking for One-Class Collaborative Filtering.
group preference based bayesian personalized ranking	one-class collaborative filtering
Merging Incommensurable Possibilistic DL-Lite Assertional Bases.
merging incommensurable possibilistic dl-lite assertional bases
A Generative Model for Recognizing Mixed Group Activities in Still Images.
recognizing mixed group activities	generative model
On the Runtime of Randomized Local Search and Simple Evolutionary Algorithms for Dynamic Makespan Scheduling.
dynamic makespan scheduling	randomized local search	simple evolutionary algorithms
A Characterization Theorem for a Modal Description Logic.
modal description logic	characterization theorem
Models for Conditional Preferences as extensions of CP-nets.
conditional preferences
Synthesizing Union Tables from the Web.
synthesizing union tables
Artificial Intelligence in the Concertgebouw.
artificial intelligence
Sparse Word Embeddings Using ℓ1 Regularized Online Learning.
sparse word embeddings	ℓ1 regularized online learning
Trust Decision-Making in Multi-Agent Systems.
multi-agent systems	trust decision-making
The Dynamics of Reinforcement Social Learning in Cooperative Multiagent Systems.
cooperative multiagent systems	reinforcement social learning
Smoothing Method for Approximate Extensive-Form Perfect Equilibrium.
approximate extensive-form perfect equilibrium	smoothing method
Automatic Generation of High-Level State Features for Generalized Planning.
high-level state features	automatic generation	generalized planning
Proving the Incompatibility of Efficiency and Strategyproofness via SMT Solving.
smt solving
A Deep Neural Network for Chinese Zero Pronoun Resolution.
deep neural network	pronoun resolution
Decreasing Uncertainty in Planning with State Prediction.
state prediction	decreasing uncertainty
Using Small Humanoid Robots to Detect Autism in Toddlers.
small humanoid robots	detect autism
Emotions as Durative Dynamic State for Action Selection.
durative dynamic state	action selection
Correcting Covariate Shift with the Frank-Wolfe Algorithm.
correcting covariate shift	frank-wolfe algorithm
Online Reputation Fraud Campaign Detection in User Ratings.
online reputation fraud campaign detection	user ratings
From Raw Sensor Data to Detailed Spatial Knowledge.
raw sensor data	detailed spatial knowledge
Meta-Interpretive Learning of Higher-Order Dyadic Datalog: Predicate Invention revisited.
higher-order dyadic datalog	predicate invention revisited	meta-interpretive learning
Exploratory Digraph Navigation Using A.
exploratory digraph navigation
Active Policy Iteration: Efficient Exploration through Active Learning for Value Function Approximation in Reinforcement Learning.
active policy iteration	active learning	function approximation	reinforcement learning	efficient exploration
Multi-View Exclusive Unsupervised Dimension Reduction for Video-Based Facial Expression Recognition.
multi-view exclusive unsupervised dimension reduction	video-based facial expression recognition
Swift Logic for Big Data and Knowledge Graphs.
knowledge graphs	swift logic	big data
Semi-supervised Orthogonal Graph Embedding with Recursive Projections.
semi-supervised orthogonal graph embedding	recursive projections
Discriminant Tensor Dictionary Learning with Neighbor Uncorrelation for Image Set Based Classification.
image set based classification	discriminant tensor dictionary learning	neighbor uncorrelation
Rational Deployment of CSP Heuristics.
csp heuristics	rational deployment
Temporal and Spatial OBDA with Many-Dimensional Halpern-Shoham Logic.
many-dimensional halpern-shoham logic	spatial obda
Graph Pruning and Symmetry Breaking on Grid Maps.
graph pruning	symmetry breaking	grid maps
Solving Very Hard Problems: Cube-and-Conquer, a Hybrid SAT Solving Method.
hybrid sat solving method	hard problems
Optimal Feature Selection for Decision Robustness in Bayesian Networks.
optimal feature selection	decision robustness	bayesian networks
Learning the Optimal Neighborhood Kernel for Classification.
optimal neighborhood kernel
Hierarchical Heuristic Forward Search in Stochastic Domains.
hierarchical heuristic forward search	stochastic domains
Modeling The Interplay of People's Location, Interactions, and Social Ties.
social ties
Optimizing Molecular Cloning of Multiple Plasmids.
optimizing molecular cloning	multiple plasmids
Constraint Answer Set Programming versus Satisfiability Modulo Theories.
constraint answer set programming versus satisfiability modulo theories
Influence Maximization with an Unknown Network by Exploiting Community Structure.
exploiting community structure	influence maximization	unknown network
Peripheral-Foveal Vision for Real-time Object Recognition and Tracking in Video.
real-time object recognition	peripheral-foveal vision
Modeling the Emergence and Convergence of Norms.
convergence
Fast Learning from Distributed Datasets without Entity Matching.
fast learning	distributed datasets	entity matching
Occam's Razor Just Got Sharper.
razor
Strategic Network Formation through an Intermediary.
strategic network formation
Fast Preprocessing for Robust Face Sketch Synthesis.
robust face sketch synthesis	fast preprocessing
RoxyBot-06: An (SAA)2 TAC Travel Agent.
2 tac travel agent
AccGenSVM: Selectively Transferring from Previous Hypotheses.
previous hypotheses	selectively transferring
On the Equivalence between Canonical Correlation Analysis and Orthonormalized Partial Least Squares.
canonical correlation analysis	orthonormalized partial
Layout Analysis of Tree-Structured Scene Frames in Comic Images.
tree-structured scene frames	comic images	layout analysis
Intelligent Web Navigation Using Virtual Assistants (short paper).
intelligent web navigation	virtual assistants	short paper
Learning Higher-Order Logic Programs through Abstraction and Invention.
learning higher-order logic programs
Learning Domain Differences Automatically for Dependency Parsing Adaptation.
learning domain differences automatically	dependency parsing adaptation
Towards Efficient Computation of Error Bounded Solutions in POMDPs: Expected Value Approximation and Dynamic Disjunctive Beliefs.
error bounded solutions	dynamic disjunctive beliefs	efficient computation
User-Based Opinion-based Recommendation.
user-based opinion-based recommendation
Mutual Influence Potential Networks: Enabling Information Sharing in Loosely-Coupled Extended-Duration Teamwork.
mutual influence potential networks	enabling information sharing	loosely-coupled extended-duration teamwork
Exploiting Semantic Web Technologies for Recommender Systems: A Multi View Recommendation Engine (Short Paper).
multi view recommendation engine	exploiting semantic web technologies	short paper	recommender systems
Solving Probability Problems in Natural Language.
solving probability problems	natural language
Theoretic Analysis and Extremely Easy Algorithms for Domain Adaptive Feature Learning.
domain adaptive feature learning	extremely easy algorithms	theoretic analysis
CEIL: A Scalable, Resolution Limit Free Approach for Detecting Communities in Large Networks.
resolution limit free approach	detecting communities	large networks
Structure in Dichotomous Preferences.
dichotomous preferences
Sequence Prediction Exploiting Similary Information.
sequence prediction exploiting similary information
Theoretical Justification of Popular Link Prediction Heuristics.
popular link prediction heuristics	theoretical justification
Restart and Random Walk in Local Search for Maximum Vertex Weight Cliques with Evaluations in Clustering Aggregation.
maximum vertex weight cliques	local search	random walk	clustering aggregation
Agent-Based Negotiation Teams.
agent-based negotiation teams
Using Focal Point Learning to Improve Tactic Coordination in Human-Machine Interactions.
focal point learning	improve tactic coordination	human-machine interactions
Interdependent multi-issue negotiation for energy exchange in remote communities.
interdependent multi-issue negotiation	energy exchange	remote communities
Multi-Task Multi-Dimensional Hawkes Processes for Modeling Event Sequences.
multi-task multi-dimensional hawkes processes	modeling event sequences
Expressive Rule-Based Stream Reasoning.
expressive rule-based stream reasoning
Bilateral Multi-Perspective Matching for Natural Language Sentences.
bilateral multi-perspective matching	natural language sentences
Scaling Up Optimal Heuristic Search in Dec-POMDPs via Incremental Expansion.
optimal heuristic search	incremental expansion
Autonomously Learning an Action Hierarchy Using a Learned Qualitative State Representation.
learned qualitative state representation	action hierarchy	autonomously learning
Mining Expert Play to Guide Monte Carlo Search in the Opening Moves of Go.
guide monte carlo search	mining expert play	opening moves
Polynomial-Time Reformulations of LTL Temporally Extended Goals into Final-State Goals.
ltl temporally extended goals	final-state goals	polynomial-time reformulations
Personalized Tour Recommendation Based on User Interests and Points of Interest Visit Durations.
personalized tour recommendation based	interest visit durations	user interests
Semi-supervised Learning over Heterogeneous Information Networks by Ensemble of Meta-graph Guided Random Walks.
meta-graph guided random walks	heterogeneous information networks	semi-supervised learning
Random Feature Mapping with Signed Circulant Matrix Projection.
signed circulant matrix projection	random feature mapping
Pedagogical agent models for massive online education.
massive online education	pedagogical agent models
An Algorithm for Adapting Cases Represented in ALC.
adapting cases represented
Computational Analysis of Connectivity Games with Applications to the Investigation of Terrorist Networks.
computational analysis	connectivity games	terrorist networks
State Space Search for Risk-Averse Agents.
state space search	risk-averse agents
Intention-aware routing to minimise delays at electric vehicle charging stations: the research related to this demonstration has been published at IJCAI 2013 [1].
electric vehicle charging stations	intention-aware routing	research related	minimise delays
On the Topology of Genetic Algorithms.
genetic algorithms
Speeding Up Inference in Markov Logic Networks by Preprocessing to Reduce the Size of the Resulting Grounded Network.
markov logic networks	resulting grounded network
Mention Recommendation for Twitter with End-to-end Memory Network.
end-to-end memory network	mention recommendation
Flexible Orthogonal Neighborhood Preserving Embedding.
flexible orthogonal neighborhood preserving embedding
Learning Discriminative Recommendation Systems with Side Information.
learning discriminative recommendation systems	side information
Multi-Agent Soft Constraint Aggregation via Sequential Voting.
multi-agent soft constraint aggregation	sequential voting
Lessons from the Amazon Picking Challenge: Four Aspects of Building Robotic Systems.
building robotic systems	amazon picking challenge
Ambient Intelligence - From Personal Assistance to Intelligent Megacities.
ambient intelligence	personal assistance	intelligent megacities
Learning A Deep ℓ∞ Encoder for Hashing.
deep ℓ∞ encoder
Adversarial Sequence Tagging.
adversarial sequence tagging
Classical Planning with Simulators: Results on the Atari Video Games.
atari video games	classical planning
Segmenting Chinese Microtext: Joint Informal-Word Detection and Segmentation with Neural Networks.
joint informal-word detection	segmenting chinese microtext	neural networks
On the Complexity of EL with Defeasible Inclusions.
defeasible inclusions
Causal Inference with Rare Events in Large-Scale Time-Series Data.
large-scale time-series data	rare events	causal inference
Statistical Relational Learning - A Logical Approach (Abstract of Invited Talk).
statistical relational learning	invited talk	logical approach
Jumping to Conclusions.
jumping
Self-Adjusting Ring Modules (SARMs) for Flexible Gait Pattern Generation.
flexible gait pattern generation	self-adjusting ring modules
Norm Compliance of Rule-Based Cognitive Agents.
rule-based cognitive agents	norm compliance
Probabilistic Inference Based Message-Passing for Resource Constrained DCOPs.
probabilistic inference based message-passing	resource constrained dcops
A Distributed Approach for the Analysis of Discussions in Twitter.
distributed approach
Transfer Learning for Multiagent Reinforcement Learning Systems.
multiagent reinforcement learning systems	transfer learning
Measuring Performance of Peer Prediction Mechanisms Using Replicator Dynamics.
peer prediction mechanisms	replicator dynamics	measuring performance
Flexible Tree Matching.
flexible tree matching
Robust Regression via Heuristic Hard Thresholding.
heuristic hard thresholding	robust regression
An Extension-Based Approach to Belief Revision in Abstract Argumentation.
belief revision	abstract argumentation	extension-based approach
Revealing and interpreting crowd stories in online social environments.
interpreting crowd stories	online social environments
Comparing Variants of Strategic Ability.
comparing variants	strategic ability
Global-residual and Local-boundary Refinement Networks for Rectifying Scene Parsing Predictions.
rectifying scene parsing predictions	local-boundary refinement networks
Compiling Constraint Networks into Multivalued Decomposable Decision Graphs.
multivalued decomposable decision graphs	compiling constraint networks
Multitask Coactive Learning.
multitask coactive learning
A Machine Learning Approach for Statistical Software Testing.
statistical software testing	machine learning approach
Fast SVM Trained by Divide-and-Conquer Anchors.
fast svm trained	divide-and-conquer anchors
Boosting Kernel Discriminant Analysis and Its Application on Tissue Classification of Gene Expression Data.
boosting kernel discriminant analysis	gene expression data	tissue classification
A Knowledge Engineering Perspective of Knowledge Management: How to Manage Project Meeting Knowledge.
manage project meeting knowledge	knowledge engineering perspective	knowledge management
Infeasibility Certificates and the Complexity of the Core in Coalitional Games.
infeasibility certificates	coalitional games
Assumption-Based Argumentation Dialogues.
assumption-based argumentation dialogues
Efficient Abstraction and Refinement for Behavioral Description Based Web Service Composition.
behavioral description based web service composition	efficient abstraction
Integrating Graphical Support with Reasoning in a Methodology for Ontology Evolution.
integrating graphical support	ontology evolution
Using Web Photos for Measuring Video Frame Interestingness.
measuring video frame interestingness	web photos
Exchange of Indivisible Objects with Asymmetry.
indivisible objects
A Size-Based Qualitative Approach to the Representation of Spatial Granularity.
size-based qualitative approach	spatial granularity
Personalized Ranking Metric Embedding for Next New POI Recommendation.
personalized ranking metric embedding	poi recommendation
Online Bridged Pruning for Real-Time Search with Arbitrary Lookaheads.
online bridged pruning	arbitrary lookaheads	real-time search
Adapting Deep Network Features to Capture Psychological Representations: An Abridged Report.
adapting deep network features	capture psychological representations	abridged report
Hierarchical Planning: Relating Task and Goal Decomposition with Task Sharing.
relating task	task sharing	goal decomposition	hierarchical planning
Syllogistic Reasoning under the Weak Completion Semantics.
weak completion semantics	syllogistic reasoning
Online Latent Structure Training for Language Acquisition.
online latent structure training	language acquisition
Player Goal Recognition in Open-World Digital Games with Long Short-Term Memory Networks.
long short-term memory networks	player goal recognition	open-world digital games
Realizability of Three-Valued Semantics for Abstract Dialectical Frameworks.
abstract dialectical frameworks	three-valued semantics
Expressiveness of the Interval Logics of Allen's Relations on the Class of All Linear Orders: Complete Classification.
linear orders	interval logics	complete classification
Human-Like Agents for Repeated Negotiation.
repeated negotiation
Operation Frames and Clubs in Kidney Exchange.
kidney exchange	operation frames
Preliminary Study Towards a Fuzzy Model for Visual Attention.
fuzzy model	preliminary study	visual attention
Simultaneous Segmentation and Recognition of Gestures for Human-Machine Interaction.
human-machine interaction	simultaneous segmentation
Predict Anchor Links across Social Networks via an Embedding Approach.
predict anchor links	embedding approach	social networks
Bridging the Gap Between Refinement and Heuristics in Abstraction.
refinement
Cross-Lingual Dataless Classification for Many Languages.
cross-lingual dataless classification
A Nearly-Linear Time Framework for Graph-Structured Sparsity.
nearly-linear time framework	graph-structured sparsity
Character-Based Parsing with Convolutional Neural Network.
convolutional neural network	character-based parsing
Link Label Prediction in Signed Social Networks.
link label prediction	signed social networks
Learning a Distance Metric by Empirical Loss Minimization.
empirical loss minimization	distance metric
Towards a Computational Model of Melody Identification in Polyphonic Music.
polyphonic music	computational model	melody identification
A Goal-Oriented Meaning-based Statistical Multi-Step Math Word Problem Solver with Understanding, Reasoning and Explanation.
goal-oriented meaning-based statistical multi-step math word problem solver
Hartigan's K-Means Versus Lloyd's K-Means - Is It Time for a Change?
k-means versus lloyd
Optimizing Ratio of Monotone Set Functions.
monotone set functions	optimizing ratio
Personalized Diagnosis for Over-Constrained Problems.
over-constrained problems	personalized diagnosis
Twitter-Based User Modeling for News Recommendations.
twitter-based user modeling	news recommendations
Sellers Competing for Buyers in Online Markets: Reserve Prices, Shill Bids, and Auction Fees.
shill bids	online markets	sellers competing	reserve prices	auction fees
Argumentation Based Contract Monitoring in Uncertain Domains.
argumentation based contract monitoring	uncertain domains
Intelligent Agent Supporting Human-Multi-Robot Team Collaboration.
intelligent agent supporting human-multi-robot team collaboration
Epistemic Quantified Boolean Logic: Expressiveness and Completeness Results.
epistemic quantified boolean logic	completeness results
Using Cases as Heuristics in Reinforcement Learning: A Transfer Learning Application.
transfer learning application	reinforcement learning
Learning to Rank for Synthesizing Planning Heuristics.
synthesizing planning heuristics
Learning to Read Irregular Text with Attention Mechanisms.
read irregular text	attention mechanisms
Causal Belief Decomposition for Planning with Sensing: Completeness Results and Practical Approximation.
causal belief decomposition	practical approximation	completeness results
Incompleteness and Incomparability in Preference Aggregation.
preference aggregation
Regular Path Queries in Expressive Description Logics with Nominals.
expressive description logics	regular path queries
Finite Local Consistency Characterizes Generalized Scoring Rules.
finite local consistency characterizes generalized scoring rules
Web Page Classification Based on Uncorrelated Semi-Supervised Intra-View and Inter-View Manifold Discriminant Feature Extraction.
inter-view manifold discriminant feature extraction	web page classification based	uncorrelated semi-supervised intra-view
Active Surveying: A Probabilistic Approach for Identifying Key Opinion Leaders.
identifying key opinion leaders	active surveying	probabilistic approach
A Graph Kernel Based on the Jensen-Shannon Representation Alignment.
graph kernel based	jensen-shannon representation alignment
Moving in a Crowd: Safe and Efficient Navigation among Heterogeneous Agents.
efficient navigation	heterogeneous agents
Towards a Deeper Understanding of Nonmonotonic Reasoning with Degrees.
deeper understanding	nonmonotonic reasoning
Change-Point Detection with Feature Selection in High-Dimensional Time-Series Data.
high-dimensional time-series data	change-point detection	feature selection
Norms as a Basis for Governing Sociotechnical Systems: Extended Abstract.
governing sociotechnical systems	extended abstract
How to Build Your Network? A Structural Analysis.
structural analysis
Achieving Coordination in Multi-Agent Systems by Stable Local Conventions under Community Networks.
stable local conventions	multi-agent systems	achieving coordination	community networks
Temporalising Separation Logic for Planning with Search Control Knowledge.
search control knowledge	temporalising separation logic
Forward Perimeter Search with Controlled Use of Memory.
forward perimeter search
Finding Explanations: an Empirical Evaluation of Abductive Diagnosis Algorithms.
abductive diagnosis algorithms	finding explanations	empirical evaluation
Compact Rewritings for Existential Rules.
compact rewritings	existential rules
Incentivizing Reliability in Demand-Side Response.
incentivizing reliability	demand-side response
Euclidean and Mereological Qualitative Spaces: A Study of SCC and DCC.
mereological qualitative spaces
Are There Any Nicely Structured Preference Profiles Nearby?
nicely structured preference profiles nearby
Boosting a Complete Technique to Find MSS and MUS Thanks to a Local Search Oracle.
local search oracle	complete technique	find mss
A Generalized Arc-Consistency Algorithm for a Class of Counting Constraints.
generalized arc-consistency algorithm	counting constraints
Locality in Random SAT Instances.
random sat instances
Approaches to Food/Non-food Image Classification Using Deep Learning in Cookpad.
food/non-food image classification	deep learning
Multi-Way Number Partitioning.
number partitioning
Revisiting Centrality-as-Relevance: Support Sets and Similarity as Geometric Proximity: Extended abstract.
revisiting centrality-as-relevance	geometric proximity	support sets	extended abstract
Modifying MCTS for Human-Like General Video Game Playing.
general video game playing	modifying mcts
Low-Rank Coding with b-Matching Constraint for Semi-Supervised Classification.
low-rank coding	semi-supervised classification	b-matching constraint
Reconfigurability in Reactive Multiagent Systems.
reactive multiagent systems
Bayesian Tensor Inference for Sketch-Based Facial Photo Hallucination.
sketch-based facial photo hallucination	bayesian tensor inference
Density Corrected Sparse Recovery when R.I.P. Condition Is Broken.
density corrected sparse recovery
Discovering Relevance-Dependent Bicluster Structure from Relational Data.
discovering relevance-dependent bicluster structure	relational data
Knowing More - From Global to Local Correspondence.
local correspondence
Probabilistic Models for Concurrent Chatting Activity Recognition.
concurrent chatting activity recognition	probabilistic models
Query-Driven Constraint Acquisition.
query-driven constraint acquisition
NIM: Scalable Distributed Stream Processing System on Mobile Network Data.
scalable distributed stream processing system	mobile network data
Automated Generation of New Concepts from General Game Playing.
general game playing	automated generation
Semi-Universal Portfolios with Transaction Costs.
semi-universal portfolios	transaction costs
Tag Disentangled Generative Adversarial Network for Object Image Re-rendering.
tag disentangled generative adversarial network	object image re-rendering
Towards a Second Generation Random Walk Planner: An Experimental Exploration.
generation random walk planner	experimental exploration
Proceedings of the Workshop on Advances in Bioinformatics and Artificial Intelligence: Bridging the Gap co-located with 25th International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI 2016), New-York, USA, July 11, 2016.
25th international joint conference	gap co-located	artificial intelligence
Vertex-Weighted Hypergraph Learning for Multi-View Object Classification.
multi-view object classification	vertex-weighted hypergraph learning
Budgeted Social Choice: From Consensus to Personalized Decision Making.
budgeted social choice	personalized decision making
Scalable Gaussian Process Regression Using Deep Neural Networks.
scalable gaussian process regression	deep neural networks
Mobile Query Recommendation via Tensor Function Learning.
mobile query recommendation	tensor function learning
Description Logics and Fuzzy Probability.
fuzzy probability	description logics
Parametric Local Multimodal Hashing for Cross-View Similarity Search.
parametric local multimodal hashing	cross-view similarity search
A Conceptual-KDD Tool for Ontology Construction from a Database Schema.
ontology construction	database schema	conceptual-kdd tool
Comparing Search Algorithms Using Sorting and Hashing on Disk and in Memory.
comparing search algorithms
Utility-Based Fraud Detection.
utility-based fraud detection
Tag-Weighted Topic Model for Mining Semi-Structured Documents.
tag-weighted topic model	mining semi-structured documents
Knowledge Compilation for Model Counting: Affine Decision Trees.
affine decision trees	knowledge compilation	model counting
Adaptive Dropout Rates for Learning with Corrupted Features.
adaptive dropout rates	corrupted features
Changing One's Mind: Erase or Rewind?
changing
Combine Constituent and Dependency Parsing via Reranking.
dependency parsing	combine constituent
A Unified Probabilistic Model of User Activities and Relations on Social Networking Sites.
social networking sites	unified probabilistic model	user activities
Incorporating User Behaviors in New Word Detection.
incorporating user behaviors	word detection
Proceedings of the 1st International Workshop on Social Influence Analysis, SocInf 2015, co-located with 24th International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI 2015), Buenos Aires, Argentina, July 27, 2015.
24th international joint conference	1st international workshop	social influence analysis	buenos aires	artificial intelligence
Approximating Discrete Probability Distribution of Image Emotions by Multi-Modal Features Fusion.
approximating discrete probability distribution	multi-modal features fusion	image emotions
Active Learning with Multi-Label SVM Classification.
multi-label svm classification	active learning
Approximately Stable Pricing for Coordinated Purchasing of Electricity.
approximately stable pricing	coordinated purchasing
On the Role of Domain Knowledge in Analogy-Based Story Generation.
analogy-based story generation	domain knowledge
Human-Centric Justification of Machine Learning Predictions.
machine learning predictions	human-centric justification
Resource Constraints on Computation and Communication in the Brain.
resource constraints
Generalized Latent Factor Models for Social Network Analysis.
generalized latent factor models	social network analysis
It makes sense... and reference: A bag-of-words model for meaning grounding and sharing in multiagent systems.
bag-of-words model	makes sense	multiagent systems	meaning grounding
Expanding Domain Sentiment Lexicon through Double Propagation.
expanding domain sentiment lexicon	double propagation
The Right to Obscure: A Mechanism and Initial Evaluation.
initial evaluation
MAM-RNN: Multi-level Attention Model Based RNN for Video Captioning.
multi-level attention model based rnn	video captioning
A Modularity-Based Random SAT Instances Generator.
modularity-based random sat instances generator
A Cognitively Inspired Approach for Knowledge Representation and Reasoning in Knowledge-Based Systems.
cognitively inspired approach	knowledge representation	knowledge-based systems
Ensemble-Based Coreference Resolution.
ensemble-based coreference resolution
On Temporal Regulations and Commitment Protocols.
commitment protocols	temporal regulations
On the Parameterized Complexity of Belief Revision.
belief revision	parameterized complexity
A Logic Program Characterization of Causal Theories.
logic program characterization	causal theories
Personalized Sentiment Classification Based on Latent Individuality of Microblog Users.
personalized sentiment classification based	microblog users	latent individuality
Online Learning to Rank for Content-Based Image Retrieval.
content-based image retrieval	online learning
Semi-Supervised Metric Learning Using Pairwise Constraints.
semi-supervised metric learning	pairwise constraints
Uncovering Hidden Structure through Parallel Problem Decomposition for the Set Basis Problem: Application to Materials Discovery.
set basis problem	parallel problem decomposition	uncovering hidden structure	materials discovery
Improving Activity Discovery with Automatic Neighborhood Estimation.
automatic neighborhood estimation	improving activity discovery
Nominals for Everyone.
nominals
Efficient Operations On MDDs for Building Constraint Programming Models.
building constraint programming models	efficient operations
Become Popular in SNS: Tag Recommendation using FolkPopularityRank to Enhance Social Popularity.
enhance social popularity	tag recommendation
An Improved Separation of Regular Resolution from Pool Resolution and Clause Learning (Extended Abstract).
regular resolution	clause learning	extended abstract	improved separation	pool resolution
A Causal Framework for Discovering and Removing Direct and Indirect Discrimination.
indirect discrimination	removing direct	causal framework
Automatic Synthesis of New Behaviors from a Library of Available Behaviors.
automatic synthesis
Grounding Topic Models with Knowledge Bases.
grounding topic models	knowledge bases
Exploiting Local and Global Social Context for Recommendation.
global social context	exploiting local
Nash Equilibria in Concurrent Games with Lexicographic Preferences.
lexicographic preferences	concurrent games	nash equilibria
Action Selection Methods for Multi-Agent Navigation in Crowded Environments.
action selection methods	multi-agent navigation	crowded environments
ASP for Anytime Dynamic Programming on Tree Decompositions.
anytime dynamic programming	tree decompositions
Situation Testing-Based Discrimination Discovery: A Causal Inference Approach.
situation testing-based discrimination discovery	causal inference approach
ALLEGRO: Belief-Based Programming in Stochastic Dynamical Domains.
stochastic dynamical domains	belief-based programming
On the Complexity of Compact Coalitional Games.
compact coalitional games
Knowledge Transfer for Out-of-Knowledge-Base Entities : A Graph Neural Network Approach.
graph neural network approach	out-of-knowledge-base entities	knowledge transfer
Diversity Regularized Machine.
diversity regularized machine
Adaptive Semantic Compositionality for Sentence Modelling.
adaptive semantic compositionality	sentence modelling
A Fast Goal Recognition Technique Based on Interaction Estimates.
fast goal recognition technique based	interaction estimates
Unlearning from Demonstration.
unlearning
Synchronisation Games on Hypergraphs.
synchronisation games
Making Cross Products and Guarded Ontology Languages Compatible.
guarded ontology languages compatible	making cross products
Context Aware Knowledge Zoning: Traceability and Business Emails.
context aware knowledge zoning	business emails
Coalition Structure Generation in Multi-Agent Systems with Positive and Negative Externalities.
coalition structure generation	negative externalities	multi-agent systems
Information Extraction of Texts in the Biomedical Domain.
biomedical domain	information extraction
An Analysis of Laplacian Methods for Value Function Approximation in MDPs.
function approximation	laplacian methods
Optimal Multi-Sensor Based Multi Target Detection by Moving Sensors to the Maximal Clique in a Covering Graph.
optimal multi-sensor based multi target detection	maximal clique	covering graph	moving sensors
Towards a Model-Centric Cognitive Architecture for Service Robots.
model-centric cognitive architecture	service robots
Cold-Start Recommendations for Audio News Stories Using Matrix Factorization.
audio news stories	matrix factorization	cold-start recommendations
Iterative Entity Alignment via Joint Knowledge Embeddings.
iterative entity alignment	joint knowledge embeddings
Data-driven Random Fourier Features using Stein Effect.
data-driven random fourier features	stein effect
Computing Pareto Optimal Committees.
computing pareto optimal committees
